"Nice try ZIONOR, but these goggles are NOT ""OTG"" goggles. The website states that the goggles accomodate 5.51 in length x 1.57 in height glasses. Mine are 5.5 x 1.25 and I can't even get them inside the goggles. I heard the same complaint from a skier on a chairlift at Keystone this year before I took a chance on buying these. The goggles appear to be made for much smaller heads - see photos. They appear to be ""wide angle"" from the outside, but the view from inside is just a bit less wide then my standard GIRO OTG goggles. The goggle frames block any wide angle view. I give them an A for outside appearance but a C- for execution. If you have a very small thin head then these goggles may work for you. I am reluctantly returning the goggles."
"The overall design is nice. Seems like a good product for the money, especially when compared to other brands. However, the inner lens suffered scratches while wiping off some fogging on a very cold day. I used a clean microfiber cloth specifically designed for cleaning goggles, and ended up with 2 decent sized scratches right in the middle of my central field of view. This occurred the first day that I used  them. I?? pretty bummed about this. I really cannot recommend the product, as the plastic material that the lens is made from seems overly soft and prone to scratches."
"I tried these on in my kitchen and couldn?? see ANYTHING. They are so foggy. I guess the positive thing I can say is that you won?? be getting too much light exposure to your eyes, but you also won?? be able to see obstacles on the slopes."
"Looks good, comfy. But it fogged up, got a lot of moisture and froze, could not use it after 2 hours of snowboarding. Not useful when it is cold."
Fogs up really easily. The foam on the vents doesn't allow air to pass through. I ended up ripping out the foam while in the slope because I couldn't see. Doesn't seem like there's any anti-fog coating on the lens either.Fits over my glasses well though.
"I love the look of the goggles, however, they were done after 1 use. In 1 use, they consistently fogged up. When I used a soft cloth to wipe it, they scratched right away. They look cool, but they're ridiculously fragile. I'd look for another pair of goggles."
"Lasted 10 minutes before completely fogging up. I just wore these for the first time, walking outside in -23*F windchill for about an hour. Worked great for about 10 minutes and then got filled with fog, which then froze into a layer of ice. I am going to try a few things and will update if any improvement. I think it has something to do with the seal not fitting snug enough around my face.On the positive side they fit great over my quite large eyeglasses (5.5"" wide), although I didn't wear those this time as they immediately fogged up.I will update if I figure out a solution to the fogging. I'm guessing you have to make sure they are perfectly sealed around your face so no air can get in at all."
"Very disappointed by this. The product looks decent, but the quality is terrible. There is a reason why these are very cheap. I am returning this right away. Here are some issues:There is a very sticky substance all over the frames. It's one of three things. Either its the plasticizer leeching out of the soft portions of the product and causing that sticky feeling over the frame (happens to a lot of cheap products over time). Or it's the adhesive they used to glue the foam around parts. Or it could simply be something spilled on it in production. Either way, it's impossible to remove. It's getting on the lenses. If it's plasticizer or adhesive used, every single pair of these googles will have that problem eventually.In general, they are pretty flimsy. The foam is attached in not so precise way.I didn't get a chance to use them outside, but they did seem to fit over my smallish pair of glasses fine."
I didn't like how little visibility there was. The foam is to thick so it cuts the view down.
"There is a inner reflection that affects the view for this specific color combination. Because the frame is write, it is not negligible. Otherwise it is good."
"I bought these to go skiing in Lake Tahoe, but I ended up not wearing these goggles as much as I thought I would. They scratch pretty easy so be careful where you place them down. They got foggy really quick and I had to remove them to see. I decided to just wear my regular glasses instead of them. Also not a good fit with glasses in them."
"I have a different pair of these for day skiing that have worked really well for me. I??e worn these twice and have left them in the bag they come with. I always make a point to take care of my gear, and try to make it last as long as possible. Last time I took them out of the bag, they were completely scratched up. Pretty bummed, gonna have to get a new lens for them. Hopefully it?? not a recurring issue."
"Very comfortable, fit well over glasses. Did what I hoped they would."
"Great look on these googles but the lens scratch VERY easily. I Bought the Silver version last November and within 6 or 7 wears the Silver coating on the lens had rubbed of in several spots on the lower third wear they might have rubbed against my fleece neck/face mask.  Fleece is the key word here.  Anywho I re-ordered replacement lens a week ago and they arrived with very clear and deep scratches on them right out of the box.  Clearly no one (human) looked at these before they were shipped and if they did and sent them anyway,  that speaks even worse for this Vendor.  They are very cheep but there is no bargain here, ski googles can cost 100$ so you get what you pay for here for a 1/4 of that price.  As much as I like the look I have returned my new scratched lens and I am going to spend my money elsewhere."
We bought 2 different brands for our day trip. Their pair had a scratch inside when we received it but it was last min and for the price we decided it was small enough. Nope immediately thry fogged up all day long and u can?? wipe the inside of the glasses without scratching them up. A few hrs on the mountain and they were trash. Very disappointing
"I purchased these because they were sold as an OTG goggle.  I'm an average sized guy and they were too small for my face even without glasses.  I can't imagine how small you would have to be to have these fit over glasses, maybe a kid?"
"I just needed a budget pair of night goggles, so I was not expecting much. However this is a HUGE disappointment. No optical plastic for the lens, no anti reflective coating on the inside, no anti-fog coatings.  Massive optical distortion and significant inside reflections. Snowball fights with the kid, sure. Skiing, no, not even close."
Lens came in with a small scratch on the outside but had no choice but to use them because they came in right before my trip. Worked great for the first day minus the small scratch. Second day when it snowed they completely became useless. The seal on the top half that snow was hitting started to leak causing moisture build up on the inside of the googles causing them to fog. Once the started leaking and the moisture barrier was broken I actually had lines of water running down the inside of the lens and my forehead. Long story short I had to buy a new pair mountain side.
Certainly a fine lower cost eyewear option. This product showed up clearly used and damaged with scratches on the front. Very dissapointing as it had otherwsie good reviews. If you want to ensure you are buying truly new undamaged items I would look elsewhere.
Didn't enjoy snowboarding that much because this kept on fogging up easily. Had to use another one during our trip.
"Fogged up immediately! I bought cheap sunglasses instead at the resort gift shop. While i was at the top of the mountain i tried everything to get them to work without wiping them as the instructions say, including adding venting, but ultimately they just sucked. I cant return them as adding venting violated condition for return, but I was desperate and it was very bright that day. I would never buy this again, very disappointing as i had another pair that worked fine and i got complements on their look."
"At first I thought these goggles were great especially for the price. But then the second time I went riding they fogged up really badly and it wasn't on the inside or the outside, it was actually in between the double lens system so it could not be cleared by wiping either side! Fogging between the lenses is a deal-breaker, I'd return these except on two days past my Amazon return window. I hope the seller can make this right with me and replace them. I will edit this review if they do."
Did not like the fact that I couldn?? return the item there was no return code to send item back.
"I moved to Kotzebue Alaska, these goggles are cute...but I actually need eye protection here. And they just fog up no matter how I put them on. They scratch easily too."
Must be meant for youth. Definitely won't fit over glasses as advertised. Barley fits a small womans face. Not even close to fitting over adult glasses.
I was super excited to wear these snowboarding but was extremely disappointed when they just kept fogging up. I kept having to dry them and ended up not wearing them at all.
My lens  arrived scratched. I sent an email to the company but i doubt they will get back to me because it bounced back saying their email is full. I'm assuming that means i'm now stuck with goggles with multiple scratches on the lens and 35 dollars poorer. If for some reason they get back to me with a refund or a replacement i'm happy to change my review because they seem like fine goggles for this price point. I doubt that will happen though.
Vision is completely distorted.  I didn't realize it until after the return window closed.  Completely useless.
"Wore these out skiing ONCE - I did not have them strapped tightly at all and the plastic that holds the band in place to the goggles snapped.  They were otherwise fine, didn't fog and were comfortable.  At least I was able to return for a full refund as I hadn't even had them 30 days yet."
"Lens quality is not very good; there is glare / feedback in the sun.  It's not obvious at all how to change the lenses (turn the little tabs on each side of the lens, then pop out the rubber nubs inside the frame), and there are no instructions.  I don't wear a helmet, and the buckle on the strap is really uncomfortable even with a hat underneath.  Also, they need to actually describe the lens colours instead of just showing the exterior.  Overall, went out on a limb here based on positive reviews and wasn't expecting top-notch, but I wouldn't buy these again."
"If you are buying these in a pinch for some reason (for kid, or because you misplaced yours) these are ideal. Great price for what you get.On the other hand if you are serious about getting into winter sport you should step up just a bit and get a better lens."
"Goggles look great as seen in every other review. I really looked forward to this product as all other reviews seemed to rave about this product. These were supposed to replace my old ""upscale"" goggles. When i received the product, color and description were accurate. However, one review stated that they had problems with the fog...I did as well. Usually if they fog after maybe a few hours. My goggles fogged up before I even got onto the first run...after that, it fogged up a few more times...I thought these were anti-fog. My friend had a pair of Electrics that never fogged the entire trip."
"First off, I would like to say they look cool and that's why I bought them. After using them once, I found them to not be a good product at all. The band kept loosing up which caused my snow to get into the inside of my goggles. The inside smeared easily with water and after trying to wipe the lens with a soft clothes it became worse. I literally couldn't see going down the hill. After getting to the base I cleaned the inside and I found scratches all over the lens. Apparently the lens is so fragile you cant even wipe it without damaging it. I tried to return it but just saw that I was passed the deadline. I might just send it back anyways because I don't have use for them. Id go with high brand name. these goggles ruined a day of snowboarding"
lens was ok.  cushioning over bridge of nose sorely lacking.  very uncomfortable on the bridge of the nose.
after owning a few months I?? sad to say these are cheap for a reason.  Goggles fog heavily and can no longer be cleaned on inside.  Head strap is no longer comfortable. I regret my purchase
"Supposedly fogless, they fogged the whole time."
"the rubbery texture on the strap makes it hard to adjust, and they dont fit easily over glasses."
These goggles did not fit any adult in my house. My regular glasses were also 5.5 inches and still did not fit. What a scam.
Translate review to English
let the pictures tell you everything. Poor quality = cheap product = Made in China.
"First time i tried to use them while it was snowing, and almost immediately fogged up and i could barely see. The whole reason to buy high light transmissivity goggles and couldn't use them. Gave up and started using the ones i use for bright sunny days. Unfortunately can't send back because I guess I missed the window."
"I wore this in about 20 degree F.  For the most part it was good. Then it started to fog up on me and condensation built up inside my lens. With the cold, the moister froze and iced over inside the goggles. . What's worst is that when I got home there were noticeable scratches inside of the lens which makes seeing through them difficult and obstructive."
Noticeably lower quality then a name-brand pair but they get the job done if you just need something to keep the sun/snow out of you eyes for cheap.
"Not wide enough for my head, squished my nose"
Fogged up the first time using them
"I ordered the black frames with the silver lens, which in the picture appears to be true silver/mirror reflective.  As you can see from the picture I uploaded, what I received had just dark lenses...completely different from the product pictured.  I checked the tag that I wasn't sent the wrong item by mistake and it says silver on it, so I guess they're just providing inaccurate pictures of their products.  I'm returning."
"The design is cool, however they got foggy almost immediately on the 2nd day skiing in Colorado. Thankfully I brought a second pair of another brand because I couldn?? see anything with these on! Such a shame"
Disgusting. You can tell these were already returned. There were scratches on lens and thats not the worst part. Human hair and pet hair on the pads that touch your face. With covid 19 going on this is disgusting.
"Purchased for a ski trip in Feb. I have goggles but thought I?? upgrade. I ended up wearing my sunglasses the whole day with these strapped to my helmet or around my neck! They're terrible to see out of on the slopes. Everything was jaded or off, hard to describe. They fogged up quickly and are overall really big around the face."
"Fog and ice up extremely easy. Foam against face is way too thick. Lens, inside and out scratched way too easy. They are super cheap so it was expected that they weren?? going to be the best, but they were worse than the price.  Just spend more money on a better product instead of wasting tour money on these."
I wouldn?? buy this. The first set the rubber frames ripped and they sent back new ones. After this season the rubber frames ripped again. Spend the extra money on better goggles
I have had these goggles for a couple years. My new eye glasses do not fit in them and once they get foggy or any condensation happens the spots dry they suck. There is no way to clear the spots.
Lenses will Scuff very easily. Mine had a blemish before even using on the slopes
Translate review to English
Normally I like everything that I get in the quality has been up to standard by all means. I did not even receive these goggles. My poorest transaction with Amazon by far.
These goggles fit well but after wearing them once in icy conditions and using the glove squeegee they scratched immediately.  All I want are replacement lenses and cant because it has been a little over 30days sense they were bought. I had high hopes for these but was pretty let down with there durability.
"No instructions came with the goggles on how to change the lens.  I spent one hour on the Internet trying to figure out how to do it.  I give up.  very disappointed with this product and I am going to return them along with the replacement lens that I purchased with the goggles,."
"Bought these about a year ago because of the good looks, and cheap price compared to name brand goggles.  I was hesitent to buy these because of the cheap price, for good reason.  While using them moisture gets between the two lenses.  As it is between the two lenses you can not whip it off, and if it is really cold it will freeze.  I am very disappointed in this product."
Junk. They kept fogging up on me. Only used 2 days snowboarding in Colorado. I had to keep stopping just to wipe the fog away. Will not buy again.
Very very bad product. As soon as I took it out it felt very cheap and flimsy. I took it out on the mountain and it immediately fogged up. I flew down the mountain with no sight and ran into a skier because of it. DO NOT BUY
I own two different pairs of these goggles.  This replacement lens does not fit either.  Don't assume they do before you buy
This is a useless goggle. I literally couldn't use it foe one minute as it started to fog the moment i wore it
Spend the extra money on some Scotts or Oakleys
Used for snowmobiling one day and the did a good job. Snowboarding the next not so much.  They froze up and I couldn't see. Not very good when you're halfway down the mountain.  Spend a little more and get something that will last you longer.
"I've used these goggles four times now at Breck, Keystone and Vail and when not in use I keep them in the protective cloth cover. Each time I use them I find a new scratch on the lens. During a particularly heavy snow day they completely fogged up, then froze. I had to take them off to get down the mountain. I've switched back to my old pair."
18.4% blue lensesFacing head on these goggles are 50/50 blue/pink and at an angle you can see they??e almost all pink.  Also not friendly on glasses as my frame width is about 5 1/2??  Returning and already have another brand on the way
Fogged up in between lenses!! Could not even wipe it off
"Unfortunately, the lens I?? received was not anti-fog. I had no visibility on the summit with the cold air."
Only lasted for one season. Water started getting inside the space between the lens.
"Complete waste of $$ when you cannot see out of them, they let in so much moisture that it froze & I couldn't even clear them out. I actually brought the storage bag (IFU states that it for lense cleaning) with me & even that wouldn't clear them up. Utter waste of $$ - guess I should have known better with the price."
These goggles fogged up and then the lens froze up. We couldn't see out of them!
"I have had Oakley goggles for many years.  Thought I would try a new brand, and couldnt beat the price.  I have used the goggles 3 times now and they are scratched, and starting to fade and look terrible.  Also, they vent horribly, so on a cold day all you see is fog.  Would not recommend this item at all."
The outer reflective film scratched off too easily it seemed.
Description said these goggles went over glasses.  I have three family members that where glasses - they did not go over any of them.
Maybe the coating on my lenses wasn't baked on all the way? It practically blew off.
Fogs often while snowboarding.
"The description is a little deceiving. These definitely do fog, and they are not truly mirrored. Your eyes can be seen through these. They also have a yellow tint."
If there is a seal at all on these goggles it isn't very good. I keep all my equipment in a heated garage after snowboarding and take really good care of my goggles but these are always full of condensation between the lenses for a few days after using them.
Adversized for glass fit but way too small. Lens also come in a bit scratched.
"Did not come with instructions on how to change the lenses. The website doesn't give illustrations. I'm afraid I am going to break the lenses, trying to remove them to change out tge lenses."
"I used these goggles once and the mirror finish on the outside of the lens has already begun to wear away. They were great goggles otherwise though, maybe I got a lemon..."
Bad finishing
Looks great. Defogs decently. Very very hard to see contrasts in the snow
They should be wider.
bad quality
the goggles look clearly worn :(
Goggles came cracked. The best part was amazons return capabilities
FOGGED ON THE FIRST USE CAUSED ME TO CRASHGood fit
Noticed as soon as I opened the package there is a minor scratch on left lens.
Goggles were not mirrored at all just see through black.
Fogged up way bad when I used them they sucked bad
Very misleading on lens color double check before u order
Scratched on lens
Lousy
So reallyy bad this item .
Hard to get on camera but the mirror just wipes off and they fog up worse than any other goggles I've ever owned
To small to fit over rx glasses
"I think this is a you get what you pay for - yes these will keep snow out of your eye, but the optical qualities of their lens is vastly inferior.Additionally the actual Field Of View (FOV) is much smaller than a set from Oakley.  I know huge price difference, but  the difference is huge.  I was gifted a set of Oakley's at the same time I had purchased these and just got back from the slopes.  I had a couple of days with low light and one with bright light.  The Oakley set I had two lens with it and the Zionor I had to purchase a second lens. ((VLT 12.8% Polarized Gold Lens)Besides the larger FOV, the difference was really surprising to me. Even with the lightly tinted lenses of the Oakley brand, it did better in the low light AND bright light conditions than either the base lens Or the polarized lens of the Zionor.In specific to the (VLT 12.8% Polarized Gold Lens)  - gives a really BAD double reflection inside the lens even in the slightest shadows making it tough to see.  The polarization on the lens itself (at least on mine) seemed to be in the wrong direction.  It was oriented such that polarization was in the horizontal rather than vertical direction, meaning you have to tilt your head almost 45 degrees to really cut down on the slope glare.  If I had still been in the return window, these would have gone back!I'm really grateful, I received the Oakley pair as a present, but having the two side by side, I would gladly have forked over the extra money for a product with higher optical quality.  If you're going to trash your goggles and get rid of them after a season, sure get the Zionor, but if you're going to be moderately careful, then spend the cash and go for Oakley or other brand that gets a larger FOV and quality optics."
Nice looking goggles but they do not I repeat do not fit over glasses
I had a pair of Zionor goggles and they only lasted one season. Mind you I am from Florida so it?? not like I?? using them every weekend. This season I took them on my trip and both sides where the band attaches to the frames broke. Completely non-repairable. I will not buy them again because I think they are made very cheaply.
"I was a little disappointed when this arrived as it is a brand new item and the lens was scratched. The quality of these goggles are the reason I bought them and I waited longer to get the polarized ones and now I might not be able to use them properly, or at all. How might this problem be rectified?"
I got these as a Christmas gift and the strap broke the very first time I put them on. Literally the first time I put them on. I think its probably hit and miss on the quality.
"I received the lens only for my ski trip - too late to order a new pair.  It's not goggles, just the detachable lens."
"Buyer BEWARE!!!....these goggles wont last!!!!...i was happy with these goggles right after purchas...then i found You can NOT touch the lens!!!!!...you cant even clean it!!!!...they have 3 trips on them and are now JUNK!!!!!!..you CANT touch the lens!!!!!...they will scratch!!!... 2 of us in our group bought these goggles and both of us have the same scratched up lenses...im now using my old goggles....""DONT buy these goggles, you are wasting you money""...jus saying!"
They felt good and looked good but not ideal lens choice for the mountain
"I have used these goggles only once, and after two hours of using it got steamed up inside the goggle and blocked my view completely. I am disappointed with this item and will probably not use it again. Not recommended."
""
""
