
Bought these for a week ski trip to Breckenridge. Had a variety of different conditions during the week and never had an issue with them.
Just as nice as my husband?? much more expensive goggles. Made my ski day today much more enjoyable!
These goggles have to be the best last minute purchase I??e ever made! Just before a weekend birding trip out of state this last season my old faithfuls broke on me. So I snagged these real quick and boy was it worth it! Forget the expensive name brand goggles for 1/4 the price  you get just as good of a goggle. They might scratch just a little easier but if you are careful with them while not wearing them it shouldn?? be a problem. After 3 days using them I never had them fog up on me and they were surprisingly comfortable all day!
Translate review to English
My daughter loved these!
It took a few tries--and with more expensive goggles--but these fit the bill when it comes to fit--they accommodate my eyeglasses whereas other "OTG" (Over The Glasses) ones didn't. This manufacturer is smart: there are cutouts on the sides of the goggles to accommodate the hinge points of eyeglasses---other manufactures may include them but the ones I've tried had layers of foam over them so although they could accommodate my eyeglasses, the foam pressed hard against the hinge points which in turn pressed hard against my eyeglasses' nose bridge. Owee!Since I plan on using these just to walk to work in inclement weather, they won't get the hard use skiers may use them for, but I'm very pleased with the product for what it's intended for.
I have such a great relationship with this company, I randomly found them at a small shop in 2015 or 2016? The iridium on the lenses was perfect, it was like having a heavy pair of sunglasses out on bright snow days in Jackson. I need a blind goggles for my entire family because they were just sort of like the cheap sunglasses that you get from gas stations, without any of the problems. I have had at least two pairs of these for the last seven or eight years. I recently broke my Oakley A-frames moving to Pittsburgh, I needed a new set so I bought another pair of these and they work fantastically. You get more than what you pay for with this company, these goggles last you more than a few seasons in a very comfortable, and the iridium colors are plentiful. The new magnet system where you can switch in and out the iridium lens  does a lot of fun. I would say if you don?? go snowboarding very often, are you looking for a pair of goggles that your kids can break these would be perfect.
love these goggles.  Was able to see in all conditions (one day had bright sun and these were not too dark or light...just right.  Next day was rain and snow and was still able to see well.  Other days were mixed which made these work out even better).  The best thing was FINALLY not having to deal with fogged glasses and goggles.  OTG worked great and I didn't have any fogging.  Also ordered clear lens for night and it was not as easy to switch as the magnet ones but was still pretty quick to switch.  Only negative is they do seem like they would scratch pretty easily but after a week mine are not scratched but I was also very careful with the lens.
Functioned well for skiing in Colorado. Fogging only occurred when my face was sweating and was easily resolved by briefly lifting the goggles to let my face cool. The tint was excellent for bright sun. The only downside that I had was that the lenses are easily scratched despite being careful with them - although the scratch was so minor that it did not affect my vision.
Great product! First pair of ski goggles I have bought and they are fantastic. They fit perfectly over my lower profile glasses and fit although tightly over my wide framed (didn't think it would fit them at all as they are very wide). Had a slight fogging issue when the weather on the slope turned to very cold with high winds and heavy flurry. But it average cold conditions they performed above expectations. Worth every penny.
These are the ones that show up when looking for goggles that fit over glasses. They're a very snug fit (for me), but they do work. The anti fog works sometimes and doesn't other times. If you're looking for a decent pair of cheap goggles, these will do you good
This is actually my second pair that I??e bought, my son took my first ones, he loves them! They are supposed to be anti fog, but they still fogged up on me. Not sure what I?? doing wrong. They fit nicely over my eye glasses and are comfortable to wear, good price too!
Both my husband and I bought these goggles early in this ski season with relatively low expectations due to the amazing price.  I'm happy to report we've used them multiple times weekly and switched lenses frequently (both of us bought the yellow for low light days), they switch with ease. They look stylish, they fit over my glasses (hooray for not being blind on the mountain) and the fact I only need one pair of goggles and can switch the lenses literally on the gondola ride is a game changer.  Highly recommend. Zero fogging!
These fit my smaller glasses frames under them pretty well. There is a little pressure on my nose from the frames.They are also quite a good fit with out glasses.They do let a little windy through sometimes.
Works well??for a Chinese product.
My glasses have large frames so they don?? fit inside the goggles as advertised. I will be using them for skiing.
Honestly a great product, the only issue is snapping off the lenses is a little rough other wise I?? give it 5 stars!
I was looking for goggles that would fit eyeglasses. These worked great! No pressing of eyeglasses into face or into the nose. No problem with fogging. Definitely a great product. I used them for 2 days in Colorado and they performed well. Time will tell how well they hold up to continued use.
Fit on the face is great, soft foam is very comfortable. Adjustable strap easy to change from helmet size to head size. Cool silver mirror exterior surface looks great and offers outstanding protection. On my trip we had bright blue skies all days and these goggles never let me down or made me squint, not once. Incredible value for the money. I'd buy them again in an instant.
I bought these on a whim to prevent having to buy an overpriced "Brand Name" version for a ski trip that was a few weeks away. I bought the "Lagopus X Black Frame Polarized Blue Lens VLT 16%" version (so the "S3" darkness). I was pleasantly surprised, goggles came packed in a nice box and in a very nice non-scratch reusable bag/cleaning cloth. The blue is attractive from the outside, and the mirror/polarizing does obscure your face/eyes if it matters. Comfortable and JUST small enough to fit inside a big rental helmet. The strap adjusted from pretty small to gigantic with ease and the grippers on the strap are great! The view through them is exactly what I wanted: Polarized, cheap, clear, ventilated (they don't fog in any way I tried to get them to) and they seem to be VERY wide angle (so no "Goggle/tunnel vision"). When you put them on on a really bright day they seem to be more than adequately dark (polarizing helps with this), i'd imagine the S4 tint is probably too dark for all but the most sunny of days. The S3/Blue VLT 16% seems like a good "all around" lens for everything from whiteout afternoon skiing (did that several days) to windy and cloudless winter mornings (did that too).The only drawback (if it is one at all) is that the view through the lens I chose makes everything yellow tinted. I don't mind this, helps make out lines and edges quite well, but it does blur the color spectrum between blue and black (if you're a skier/boarder that cares about this, make sure you know what shapes the runs are too!).All around recommendation: buy them!
I needed a pair of ski goggles to fit over my glasses and keep them from fogging.  These fit over the glasses, though a bit tight  and I had no problems at all with fogging, enough air flows through to keep both the glasses and goggles clear.  The field of view is wide and excellent.  I am completely happy with these.
Have used these four times this season and are working great.  I wear glasses so that I can see what I am skiing on.  The goggles fit right over the top of my glasses. The goggles keep everything from fogging up even on the -25 days and nights i have skied.  Would buy them again in the future.
Be sure to look at the light ratings on the lense. They look cool, but they aren?? for skiing places that are often overcast like the Pacific Northwest because they don?? let enough white in and make it difficult to see.
I bought these googles for a snow mobile/ski trip for my boyfriend and I. They were amazing. The Clarity and visibility were so good! We even wore them the next day when we went snow tubing because the sun reflecting off the snow was so bright! Definitely worth the buy and an awesome investment! Get them you won?? be sorry!
Title says it all. Affordable, comfortable. They fit up a bit, ??you just gotta figure out what layering works best for you!
Easy to use , looks super cool , feels quality !
It?? a nice product for the price you??e paying but it?? tight on the nose so you??l def be moving it a lot in order to find a good spot to breathe trought your nose . Good for a day but def not for a long snowboarding sesi?n.
I purchased these for a snowboarding trip and they were good for the price,  but they were not good for partly sunny conditions like advertised.  They were good in full sun,  but when the conditions changed or you went into a shaded area,  the lens were not really effective and i mostly ended up riding without them. I bought the silver lens,  and while the fitment was good,  the coating on the lens was not.  They ended up scratching easily which was disappointing.  If i were to purchase again,  i would most likely either get a clear lens,  or a lens that is colored/tinted instead of a coating on the outside surface
I bought these for my son who participates in a handicap ski program. These are perfect to put over his glasses when there is little sunshine. There is minimal fogging and sized toFit comfortably over his glasses. They come with a case to help prevent scratches. We have been very pleased with these. I would definitely recommend them.
Bought two pair for my husband and I. We wore them over our helmets and the fit was great. They have enough cushion so they don?? dig into the forehead or nose. Had no problems with fog or visibility. Work best for adults.
Full range view and comfortable.
Well these arrived just in time to help me get through yet another blizzard, & let me tell you....What a difference!!These goggles make doing hand to hand combat with winter kind of fun!...As they ARE fog proof, give great face coverage.... offer great field of vision....excellent optical clarity.... & very good sun glare  protection.And they are very comfortable to boot...Yes.....you get it all with these, plus....They look great as well.....seriously, the first person who saw me wearing these looked dumbfounded, as you could see the shock of awe in their eyes.I am actually in between "shifts" at the moment, catching my breath so I can go outside & throw some snow with the snow blower...so I figured I would post my first impression, which is... most impressive!I actually gave up using goggles years ago because I could not find a pair that wouldn't fog... not only do these not fog....they change the experience of being outside in a blizzard..... as your face [as long as you wear head/face protection with the goggles of course] is entirely protected from the wind & snow...It kind of looks as though you are sitting in a vehicle, the view is that nice & warm.And this is perfect for my needs, as throwing snow with a snow-blower is really rough when the wind blows....as it will throw it right back at you, right in your face.So I need all the protection I can get, as high winds with extreme temps = big trouble if your not adequately prepared.There have been many time when I couldn't even see, because of the winds & snow blinding me...& if you can't see, you don't move the snow blower so you just stand there being turned into a snowman lol So... yes, I love these goggles, highly recommended :)
Report abuse
They fit over my glasses just as I had hoped.  I went with a middle-of-the-range VLT lens so that I could use them in most sun conditions.  I primarily use them when using my snowblower.  Makes a world of difference, not getting blowing snow in my eyes.  Haven't fogged up once.
For the price point these are hard to beat! I have about 15 hours on the mountain with these and haven?? had any fog problems. Comfortable for all day wear. Will buy more lenses for different conditions as needed!
Great visibility. Cuts the sunlight down to a comfortable level, yet still able to ski after the sun goes down on lighted trails. No fogging issues on a -22f day or a 22f day. No complaints from me.
I purchased these to use when using my snow blower.They worked perfectly and we're a great value for me to get a second pair depending on the light conditions.
I couldn't find the Hongoak lens shade i wanted, so these fit perfectly.
I have a few days on this goggle in some tough elements at snowbird and Alta. They are legit, but come with a few quirks.The goggle is very comfortable. You'll get the same comfort as your big brands. I didn't notice any difference from what I'd expect from spy, oakley, etc.The lens however is a different story. I do see distortion in certain kind of objects when looking left and right. I can't say that I ever noticed this with my big brand goggles. It seems like maybe one of the panes of the goggle was bent prior to manufacturing. -.5 starsThe lens does scratch easily, which isn't a surprise because I see this with the big brands too.The other day I was skiing in Alta where it was dumping snow with 40-50mph winds. When I was on the chair lift I noticed that snow was blowing into the lens vents. I was pretty warm as I was in between runs, but I noticed on the lift that I was getting some fogging on the very edges of the lens. After a few turns on the slopes enough air would enter the vents and shortly after the fog would dissipate. That was the only time in 7 days of skiing where these became a problem. I wouldn't consider myself as some who perspires a lot, so if you're a sweaty person this may affect you more than it did to me. -.5 starsOverall, I'm very happy with the purchase. Totally worth the money, and they look pretty sweet too. I just wish there were better lens options.
Used the goggles for a ski week in Colorado and loved them. Excellent value for money, bought a second pair.
Bought these to fit over my glasses and they are perfect. My glasses don?? fog up. Exactly what I needed.
My nose is bent to the side somewhat thanks to an old injury, which makes many goggles uncomfortable. These, though, have enough padding to be comfortable all day. Love em! Can't even think of a reason to "upgrade" in the future, these seem perfect.
Report abuse
They worked great for my trip out west. I received several compliments on my outfit since they had a matching color lens
I was just interested in ski goggles that fit over glasses and these were perfect! They didn't smash my glasses, they didn't fog up and I had great visibility. I definitely recommend!
Very easy to attache, I saw some reviews about that it is difficult. The little tabs on the side twist to closed and open position, so maybe someone did not know that.
Great goggles. Definitely better than my old goggles. Used on sunny days and one overcast day. Worked great for both.
They came quickly. And even though they came in a soft emvelope they were OK. Just what I ordered and expected!
Comfortable, adjustable, fit over my eye glasses -- and the tint on the lens is perfect for super sunny days and for cloudy days in the Rockies.  Plus they look great on the slopes!
I can't say enough about the customer service of Zionor.  I received my goggles and there was a small chip in the bottom edge of the lense.  No big deal, but I informed Zionor.  They offered to send me a replacement lense so I was pretty stoked.  When I received the replacement lense it was a different color (no biggie, the small chip wasn't obstructive and color options are great.) but it was also for a different model of Zionor goggles.  Bummer.  I wrote them back and they looked into it.  They said the replacement was fulfilled by Amazon, they apologized, and they said they were going to send me the right lense.  Well, they did!  Not only did they send me the replacement lense, they also sent me an entire new goggle set with another lense!!!  WHAAAAAAAAT?!?!?!?  I totally didn't expect that, but I really appreciate it Zionor!I used my new Zionor goggles for a week in Tahoe and they performed great.  Comfortable on my face, no fogging up, and the view area is huge.  Yeah, the goggles are a little big on your face, but that allows you to have a huge view unobstructed by the goggle frames.  The magnetic lenses on these are DOPE!  So easy to change out lenses, and no, even if you wreck out bad the lenses are not going to pop off the frames.  You can't beat the quality, especially at this PRICE.  I highly recommend these goggles, and especially Zionor as a company.  Thanks!
These seem fine. They were only used two days but so far, so good.
I bought these goggles for a ski trip. I didn't want to invest a lot of money into them because I only go once in a while and these were a perfect find. They felt comfortable, fit around my helmet and very rarely fogged up when worn properly. Would definitely recommend.
Very comfortable and they never fogged up!
Goggles worked perfectly for my whole family! Now have a pair for all!
Just as described.  Comfortable and great vision
This is a provides a really good coverage and fits great with good seal letting in the right amount of light. I would buy again.
Great set of goggles for a low price.  I had no fogging issues after two weeks of use.
For the price you get what you pay for. These are awesome looking goggles that get the job done. But there are definitely some drawbacks to be aware of before buying.Pros:1. Look awesome2. Big and provide a wide field of view when wearing them.3. Flexible and durable frame.4. Removable strap if any need arrises to change it or whatever.5. Relatively cheap6. Great customer service. I had some problems and they reached out to me and gave me a discount back along with a replacement pair. They seem to put a lot of effort into keeping customers satisfied. It was the first time I've had such friendly and helpful assistance from a company.Cons:1. Anti-fog layer on the inside is VERY delicate. Need to keep goggles on to keep excessive fog from building up or from snow/water from getting on the inside of the lens. You can't wipe the inside of the lens to clean it, it needs to air dry. Any contact on the lens or excessive water can cause some damage. If you get these, be careful with them.2. The lens is difficult to remove. It hurt my hands getting it off and felt like I was going to crack the lens. And it makes it worse because you can't touch the inner lens or it will leave marks. I got these initially planning on swapping the lens for night skiing but it's not realistic because it's so difficult to remove the lens. I would highly recommend the magnetic lens changing model of goggles offered by Zionir if you plan on swapping them out on the mountain.Overall these are great goggle for the price!!
Loved the look of the goggles. They were still a little uncomfortable over my glasses but did pretty well considering.
Purchased the OTG--Over The Glasses goggles with a VLT of 8.4% and an additional amber lens for cloudy days.  I can't be more pleased with the quality and function of these goggles.  No tearing up due to cold wind blowing through seams; no fogging or ice build up whatsoever.  I wear coke bottle thick glasses and finally found a pair of high quality, affordable, goggles designed for persons who wear glasses.  Already recommended to both family and friends--one of whom tried them out for 1 run only and just ordered a pair for himself!  Yes, i got them back...seriously no cold air leaks at very high speed cruising (former racer back in the day), no fogging, and no icing.  Could not be happier with this purchase.
These work great with glasses!
These worked out perfectly. Durable, clear, and lightweight. More than I expected at the price.
Nice try ZIONOR, but these goggles are NOT "OTG" goggles. The website states that the goggles accomodate 5.51 in length x 1.57 in height glasses. Mine are 5.5 x 1.25 and I can't even get them inside the goggles. I heard the same complaint from a skier on a chairlift at Keystone this year before I took a chance on buying these. The goggles appear to be made for much smaller heads - see photos. They appear to be "wide angle" from the outside, but the view from inside is just a bit less wide then my standard GIRO OTG goggles. The goggle frames block any wide angle view. I give them an A for outside appearance but a C- for execution. If you have a very small thin head then these goggles may work for you. I am reluctantly returning the goggles.
The goggles preformed well for both day and night snowboarding. I was in 18? weather so the venting wasn?? all that needed but I had no problems with them fogging up even with wearing a face mask the whole time. Also cleaned up really well and were very comfortable. Only problem I had was at night when the snow machines were blowing snow and the snow froze to the outside of the lenses. Granted I don?? think most goggles would have prevented that. But excellent pair of goggles for the price and they compete with much higher end models.
Report abuse
I was skeptical of cheap goggles but these are the best goggles I??e ever used.
I ordered this goggles mostly because I liked the price and design, eventhough I've never ordered everything online without trying it on first, I decided to go for it this time. I've chosen Silver color lense and black frame (Lagopus X Silver), because it looked very stylish and also fit the requirements for weather.It arrived on time, in a bubbled from inside package. There were goggles and a bag for them inside, goggles wer wrapped in plastic from inside of the lens, which protected it from the dust and other scratches. They look new, as they should, with everything glued very well. The stripe on your head is a little bit big(long) to wear over a hat, but should be good on a helmet. They are flexible, although I didn't really try hard to band it into different sides. Dont look gigantic on my face! Sometimes new goggles put too much pressure on your nose, this ones do not! I wore them for like an hour, to see that!The visiability is quite good, but not as wide as expected. I see the soft area on my nose, which I do not see on my other goggles, also I see the end of the lens from both sides(right, left and up and down), and on my others, I dont.I should say they definitely worth the price and I will order several lens for them! And surely recommend it to others!
They look good but the frame materials are not high quality and I don?? expect them to last a long time like a well know brand. They fit into my helmet ??K??but not perfect. The top profile of these goggles has a contour and leaves gaps along the helmet line on the forehead. It works but but a perfect line up.
I love how great it fits around the helmet or just around the head. Glad I bought this product!
Comfortable??.wide peripheral vision??stylish.  What?? not to like?
Loved these for the first hour or two and then they started to fog up and iced over.  I ended up not wearing them since I couldn?? see out of them.  Disappointing and wiping them with my lens cloth only temporarily removed the excess moisture.  While they fit over my glasses, it was more comfortable without my glasses.  Not sure if the fog was due to my face mask and outside of covid, perhaps they would not fog.
Fits great over my glasses
Took these out for 6 days in Crested Butte, CO. For $30, I'm not sure they can be beat! Be sure to set them on your face properly; don't let them sit on your balaclava or you'll be dealing with foggy vision all day! There was heavy snow, light snow, no snow and these performed well in them all. The only mention to be made is that the green tint isn't the best for vision in the darker, snowier conditions, but if you read the description, you know that already. They fit perfectly with the ski helmet and the padding was comfortable throughout daily skiing! I HIGHLY recommend to anyone looking for a cool-look, cost-effective pair of ski goggles!
Bought the polarized blue lens to go with the frame. They were comfortable and felt like great quality. Switching the lens takes a little force and I would not want to do it on the mountain with cold hands, but really not an issue.Main issue with the lens is how crazy yellow it is. Was not expecting that so I did return it. If this is something you like then all other aspects seem pretty good.
Originally The lens arrived in a non-protective envelope instead of a box and so was broken. It was quickly exchanged and the replacement is great
Great quality!
Very amazing fits well, kept my face and forehead warm
makes it easy to see at night while skiing
Did not fog. Good price. They look like bugman but work good.
Great goggles for the price. No need to waste cash on the high end $100 IMO for marginal benefit.I will say that unless you ski exclusively bluebird days, do not get anything less than a 60%. If it snows and you??e wearing a 15% you will not have a good time. 20% Lowest for a very sunny day, and get a 80-99% if there is a single cloud in the sky. I learned this the hard way.
I bought another faceplate for this, for cloudy/stormy days, and it's a bit of a pain to change it. Likely not going to last long if changing often.So picking a model with magnets... is likely better.That said, the googles work well, I wear glasses and with some fog treatment on the inside, they did not fog.Good visibility, no weird optical deformations, and great price. I like them.
These goggles are awesome! Not much you can say but awesome
There was a little bit of a joey gap with my current helmet but if you have the right helmet I'm sure that wont be an issue... or if you like rockin a joey gap lmao. Great for day skiing, would recommend back up lenses/goggles for night skiing.
Great product. Great price
Work awesome, zero fog issues. Great price
I was very hesitant to purchase this spherical ski goggle online without the benefit of examining and wearing it.  However, the price was more than 75% less expensive than several of the "name brand" spherical goggles, and I decided to take a chance.  The quality and optics were surprising good, and the mirrored lens reduced much of the glare.  Although the full-sized lens appeared to impart a much larger viewing area, in fact, its not much more than an exposed framed goggle of similar size.  The standard lens is very dark and only appropriate for very sunny conditions; instead, I had to make a separate lens purchase for low light conditions.  They should have packaged this goggle with an additional lens and price it accordingly (refer to my review of the additional lens).  Worth noting, the goggles came with the ugliness designed strap I have ever seen.  Its mentioned in the description that the strap can be changed but there are no instructions included.  Likewise, no instructions on replacing the lens but that is easily figured out.  I'd give it 3.5 stars, more on the strength of the goggle's quality and good value than anything else.As noted, I had to purchase an additional lens with a higher VLT ratio to supplement the darker standard lens supplied with the goggle.  The optics appeared to be good with no noticeable distortion; the view was bright, although, unlike the mirrored standard lens, it did not reduce glare.  The double lens is yellow tinted and unfortunately, you can see the uneven adhesive bonding; it appeared the glue was applied manually.  Additionally, the lens was poorly packaged.  It was without adequate protection and could of been easily damaged or scratched; it did not come in a box.  Overall, a bit disappointing. I'd give it 2.5 stars, mainly for the good optics.
Love this product! I can say that I haven't been on snow in a number of years, but an opportunity came up to go snowboarding over Christmas break and so I needed all new gear. After reading through many reviews, the look and price of these goggles caught my eye, along with the positive reviews.  I can tell you that these are about as good as I would ever expect of this type of product, especially at this price point. They came with a cloth case and no extra lense. I got the mirrored ones and loved them. We were out on a sunny day; clear skies and fresh white snow. The tint was perfect (might be too dark for night time outtings). I did not wear a helmet with these and was able to fit it to my face by adjusting it down. I'm certain these would fit with a helmet, there's plenty of adjustment space.I was out for about 6hrs and experienced one small spot of fogging on my left eye. In my opinion, great anti fogging performance given the temps (darn near reached 50F at high noon, I was sweating and had to remove layers).My only complaint (if this counts) is the large yellow lettering on the band. I would definitely recommend these goggles and would buy them again.
Highly recommend
Overall, they're very good goggles for the price. I had a last-minute, 5 day trip to Breckenridge, and these did the trick. They look cool, they vent well, and the fit is comfortable. If you need good goggles in a pinch, get these. If you need a good pair of goggles for multiple seasons, invest in a better pair.There were two drawbacks for me:First, the lens has a gradient, which I wasn't aware of and didn't see anywhere on the listing. It isn't as noticeable on sunny days, but on cloudy days, it keeps your eyes from adjusting to the lens because the color changes every time you tilt your head or look up/down.Second, the lens does not bead well on warmer days (see picture). I had to wipe my lens much more than my buddy who had more expensive goggles. This is less of an issue because it's to be expected for the price.
Fits good . Looks good . Lenses are challaging to take off and switch .
Hard to beat for the price, nice vision and comfort all day long. I have taken them out for one long day so far, I put them on in the morning and did not remove them until the day was done. They did fog up a little bit but over all for price I was more than happy with the quality and comfort of the goggles.
Good quality. Gets the job done. The tint is very nice.
Nothing bad all good buy these
These goggles fit perfectly! There was no fogging. I wore them on both a non-snowy and a snowy day and the goggles functioned so well in both scenarios.
Amazing !!!  I bought theee different giggled from Amazon cause I wanted one to fit over mu glasses.  These did but my glasses did fog soI went Rambo andSkied 3 days with out glasses  I'mNot too blind.  If u need goggles to fit over glasses these have the best chance of working.  But these kick but on lots of other goggles.  I mean way pay 220 when u can get these for under 30  Even if u scratch themJust toss and rebuy.  IAm amazed at these .......
Very clear and do not fog.
Goggles do not fit over glasses like advertised
I like the feel, they're comfortable.I don't like how they fog up when it's seriously cold and puking snow
Love these and got them a few days ago but can?? figure out how to pop out the lenses. I switch the little knob on the size and push it but it won?? come out and I don?? wanna put to much pressure and accidental break em.
The goggles fit well and look great. They are very easy to scratch. I ruined my first pair quickly but did buy a second pair to replace them.
My glasses are basically on the nose 5.5 inches. I could barely get them in the goggles. Even then it's a bit awkward because the arms are a little curved coming out. It would've been better if it was like a .15 inch wider so it's easier to take the glasses in and out of the goggles.
These had a large scratch all the way across the lens before I even wore them once. Basically, it scratches easily.It?? also NOT fog proof. On very cold days where it was actively snowing and I?? get wet, my goggles would fog and I couldn?? see a thing. On blue bird days, they were fine.Other than that, I liked the mirror look and it was worn comfortably. It was also cheap, which is nice, but I probably wouldn?? buy from them again.
I finally admitted that I needed OTG goggles.  My research led me to these goggles because they are supposed to fit glasses up to 5.5 inches wide. I bought  the Zionor and 1 other brand with similar claims. The other goggles did not fit my glasses but the Zionor lived up to their claim. Its a snug fit so anything over 55 will not work. I really like the lenses! Both the standard silver and yellow (bought separately)  light up the trail making it easy to see the terrain.  Very happy with these goggles.
These are the first goggles I have used that I actually liked! They are clear so I can see all the changes in the terrain that I am snowboarding on. They are comfortable and didn't fog when I was wearing them. They did fog when they were on top of my head on the lift which took a little bit to clear but perfect otherwise! I am happy with these goggles!
A little disappointed that so much of the frame is in the field of view. Lots of foam in the way on the sides and bottom.Fit and comfort were good. I have a large and wide head, and typically wear a Smith Vantage ski helmet size XL.(A1 lagopus-X, clear lens)
They don't fog and look great!
Snowboarded in 40 degree and -25 degree weather. Even with a facemask/skimask the goggles never fogged up. Pay attention to the instructions that come on the goggles, do not wipe the interior lense. Im sure they have some type of RainX type of coating that prevents fogging. If you wipe the interior lense, you may remove that coating. My glasses that I wear under the goggles sometimes did fog but there is plenty of ventilation in the goggles so the fog went away in a few seconds.
Wish there had more vision when riding. You have decent peri feral vision. Oakleys are better
I took these out even on sunny days they would fog up easily. I also tried to tighten them so tight they wouldn?? slip off my helmet when I hit a jump or fell. But every time they?? end up around my neck because they don?? have a rubberized strap. Not satisfied
After one week of skiing in the Rockies at 5 - 10k feet altitude, during both very flat/overcast with snow falling and very bright sunny days, I approve. Filtration and color enhancement of ski slopes in flat light are as expected and advertised, by the amber color.  The lenses removing most light (as advertised), the "mirrored" versions, work as advertised.  The best feature is the attach/detach method, at least after my short history of several swaps of lenses over about 25 hours of ski usage.
Although I look like a middle-aged mutant bike rider, I love these goggles in the cold weather. First, they never fog--I swear. Second, the strap fit easily under my helmet. Third, I don't get a "cold sinus" headache because the foam blocks the wind and keeps my forehead warm. Fourth, these goggle really keep the winter road debris (water, pebbles, sand, etc) out of my eyes. I did an experiment where, halfway through a 2-hour ride, I switched to standard bike glasses. Will not go back to them before late-Spring. These were so worth it.
Used this for a 4 day ski trip to Colorado, it worked great for daytime use. Make sure you check how much sunlight the lens blocks for the conditions you are going to be in. This one was great for daytime, but in the afternoon in the shade it was hard to read the ground conditions and at night I would be impossible to ski with. If you are going to night ski get 2 pair! one for day and different lens for night.
They work great! I do think they make me look a bit funny but they??e also super functional and look cool as heck, you just got to wear it with confidence. They don?? fog up, the band is adjustable, and they double as sunglasses to protect from bright snow. Would recommend!
These were a godsend on short notice and such an amazing price ($31). Though the finish is blue, the lens view is yellow/amber for high contrast. Standard warning is don't get polarized goggles because you'll miss ice patches and some of terrain in lower light. However, I need polarized lenses due to migraines, not negotiable. They got banged around and didn't scratch. I was also pleased that I saw Squaw Valley employees wearing Zionor on the slopes, which provided reassurance about the brand. I bought 2 other goggles on Amazon listed as polarized... they were not. Easy test -- hold lenses out and look toward something with glare. Tilt lens 90 degrees and the glare area should darken and lighten as you twist. I didn't have any fogging issues. The one annoying thing is that because they are over-glasses, the bridge sticks way out and I had to fold myself in half to look down to adjust my boot.
I did not use the product myself, however my husband and brother in law did on our last ski trip. I heard no complaints. They skiied with blowing snow machines, they fell down the slopes, they took our 7, 5, and 3 year olds down slopes, and they tubed down slopes with wild snow fall. They thanked me numerous times for purchasing these. They we happy to put them on everyday and getting a grown man to do what's best for him is usually quite difficult. They we not only happy to wear them but they actually handed them back to me at the end of each day for aafe keeping.  I would call this a five star product.
No more watering eyes, and fog free!!!Win win!
Don't get my rating wrong, these were absolutely fantastic goggles, if you're staying lower on the slope on a clear day. We went on some higher runs and got stuck in a white out with a gentle snow the rest of the day and I couldn't see anything. They fogged up terribly and ended up causing a wreck with another boarder mid run. If you don't plan on being snowed on then they're a great buy
Overall for the price you simply cannot beat these goggles. This style runs for $150+ on sale easily, so when receiving these do not have expectations like you would if you ordered $200.00 goggles.What you will get with these goggles are a great design which offers  wide angle views, great mirror lenses as well as very comfortable strap.I purchased the 24.4% VLT with S2 level of protection and they have been great in sunny and cloudy weather allowing me to see very well.Many people state these goggles fog up, it is most likely due to you not having the goggles on tight enough. I had them on loose and the fogged a tad, but once I adjusted the band and tightened the goggles to where they were still comfortable they were fine with no fog.I have used the goggles now three times in the North East and am satisfied with them.Remember folks, you are only paying $50.00, so have the right expectations here.Overall, very happy and great responsive customer service for any assistance or questions.
The overall design is nice. Seems like a good product for the money, especially when compared to other brands. However, the inner lens suffered scratches while wiping off some fogging on a very cold day. I used a clean microfiber cloth specifically designed for cleaning goggles, and ended up with 2 decent sized scratches right in the middle of my central field of view. This occurred the first day that I used  them. I?? pretty bummed about this. I really cannot recommend the product, as the plastic material that the lens is made from seems overly soft and prone to scratches.
Overall, the goggles were very comfy, looked nice,  and fit well with my helmet. The only downside was the lens was very hard to remove, and I wanted a goggle that I could change the lens out easily when the light conditions changed, thus I returned them.
I finally got a chance to use these lenses the other day.  I started skiing at 11:30am in bright sunlight with my original set of lenses (designed for bright sun).By 2:00 pm (4:12 sunset, 12/20), haze and clouds began to roll in and shadows over the north side of the mountain.  I took a break, went into the lodge and popped these ones in.  The yellow tint gives everything a brighter, sharper look. (When you take them off, everything looks blue until your eyes re-adjust).  I continued skiing with them on and took a 3:55 chairlift to the top.  My ticket was good until 4pm, but the place I was at had night skiing from 4pm to 8pm.  I relaxed at the top until just after sunset and came down under the lights with these same lenses.  Everything continued to look sharp and bright on my last run.
Just got back from skiing in winter park, co, and they worked great. When they fog up, all you gotta do is look up to let the air in more directly, and they clear up almost immediately. I also loved this tint on them because it worked in cloudy and sunny conditions. A nice surprise was also that they have a yellow tint line at the very top of the lens, which allows you to see when you hit a very dark spot, or flat light, on a ski run. All you have to do is tilt your head down to see through that part of the lens. My only slight complain, and the reason I didn?? give them five stars, is because they could have better antiscratch protection.
I was skeptical, but after 2 back to back days on the mountain, Im highly impressed and can say these are just as good as any pair priced 10x higher.  Used these on a cloudy, semi low-vis powder day as well as a bluebird day and they worked great- no fogging, great field of vision and great clarity in high sun and low light.  My friend's expensive Electric brand goggles started fogging towards the end of the day but mine stayed clear both back to back days.I have a smaller face and was worried these would be too big but they looked and felt great. The frame is flexible and they were very comfortable.  No issues with scratching of the mirror finish, but Im pretty careful with these and always keep them in their case.Would definitely buy these again, and will probably purchase another pair in a different color.
Both my husband and I ordered goggles for our ski trip and we both LOVED them! Super fast delivery and such a good price for a high quality item. My husband wears glasses and can?? wear contacts, these goggles fit over his glasses with no issues. Also no fogging even with having to wear a mask the whole time we skied. 10/10 would recommend these goggles to any of my ski friends!
Uneven foam. I returned this one.
Overall a really good purchase because of how inexpensive these were.  They gave me a very wide range of vision, they looked great, perfect for a sunny day skiing because of the tint, but they were also fine for night skiing.  I was concerned they would be too dark to wear at night, but they were fine.  They also did not fog up, like other googles I have had, but they did not at all.  The gave a little too much pressure on my nose, but that might have just been because of the tyle of helmet I was wearing.  Overall, I love these!
Appear to be real nice goggles.  The band will easily accommoadate a helmet.  I wear rimless (Silhouette) glasses and they rub hard on the sides of the goggles  I wouldn't recommend these for OTG.  I won't be using glasses in my application (snow-blowing) so it's no problem for me.
The goggles did not fog during falling snow.  I got a bright lens for dim days and a dark lens for bright days.  Unfortunately I did not get to use the dark lens as all our days were snow fall days. The bright lens helped define the slopes and made skiing in dim conditions a lot better. $40 for goggles and 2 sets of lens, a great bargain!...pw
Nice adjustable googles with a solid rubber slip on back (won't slip off helmet). The googles aren't as blacked out or reflective like in photo, but once sun is not out, blacked out googles aren't see through. Would have preferred a more reflective lens but would buy again
Mostly good, but Zionor needs to get things better organized on Amazon. Ultimately I wanted the Red to be more reflective and for people to not be able to see my eyes, I find this gives me an edge in different esport competitions. So let customers know how to get more lenses, or a complete set of lenses. You??e slowing down your own income by not making lense purchases easier in my opinion.
I spend some time on reviews and realize the googles are the ones to buy. First of all I am a experienced skier BBC and have used many googles the googles arrived by mail. When I opened the packaging it came with excellent instructions and preset for your helmet to be put on. The googles are a incredible value for the money and very comfortable on your face. I used at Stowe mountain and they worked perfectly fine. A wonderful value and it does a wonderful job keeping the air away from your eyes and it works well in the sun and shade. I recommend buying them
I'm leaving two stars because the item I received does not match what is in the picture. The main difference is the strap. In the pics of this item, it shows a black strap, with white font that says ZIONOR. (Albeit not awesome, I could stomach this look)The pair I got has a strap that is black, and has a weird baby blue flame-like pattern on it, and on top of that it says "BE NICE".Actually it kind of has a feminine look to it, but for me as a man, it looks lame.Actual technical performance is TBD... but it may not make the slopes as it looks kinda feminine for me.*edited on 11/30/15*I changed my rating from 2 to 4 stars because the seller did send the right strap that is shown in the picture after seeing this review. So this product is now what is expected and I appreciate them doing the right thing. Thanks!
I bought these goggles for a weekend skiing trip. Did not want to spend too much money because they would be used for just 2 days and probably not until next year after that. I'm very impressed with these! They do not fog up, are durable and look good! Would definitely recommend. Like other reviewers mentioned, don't forget to take off the sticky protective film!
Worked great for snowboarding in Wyoming. I will say we??e not avid skiers or snowboarders who go regularly, so I don?? know much about ski gear. But they work great for our once a year trip.
I love these goggles. Best price out there for quality goggles. I suggest everyone who needs a pair to go with this brand, love how comfortable they are and also the style and how you can customize with different color lenses is just great.
These were invaluable this winter.  It was VERY cold and lots of snow blowing and low light conditions the first time, and these goggles mostly stayed free of snow.  Definitely did not fog up.  Kept my face warm.  The second time we went skiing it was sunny.  These were still great.  Very versatile.
They don't fit over my glasses.When I ordered I didn't know how to chose a dark grey. These shield my eyes  with a grey. I have an eye  condition called dry eyes so mainly wear them to protect my eyes from the wind. Thus I wear ski goggles outdoors year around. ???
Purchased 2 goggles plus extra bright lenses to swap out.  We wear them downhill skiing and both needed goggles to go over my glasses which are 5.5" wide.  These google do fit over the glasses but just barely.  The extra lenses for cloudy days swap in and  out very easily.  Good value.
I think i'd have to get some interchangeable lenses for different conditions but these got me through the week trip I went on - Comfortable, easy to adjust, fit comfortably right over your glasses - they did fog a little - but that may be from my helmet forcing my hat down ontop blocking some of the ventilation - however when you're actually moving they clear up.
I'm a casual skier but wanted my own pair of ski goggles and these fir the bill perfectly.  These are quite affordable, comfortable for all-day use and do not fog.  I bought the pair with the highly mirrored lens and with the exception of my ski buddy not being able to see my eyes, these were great for a sunny day.  Bonus feature is that there are other lenses available and I may pickup an additional lense for use on less sunny days or night.  So far, I'm very happy with this purchase.
Amazing service! I received my goggles quickly. After opening the package and noticing a small scratch in the lense I got in contact with Zionor. They got back with me quicker than expected these days and sent me another set in very little time. Excellent quality goggles! I love my pair and my nephew, who I purchased a pair for Christmas, loves his too! Thanks!
Didn't buy the goggles for snow skiing, but needed something to protect my eyes while mowing lawn. It has been very dry and dusty where I live.  Goggles fit over my eye glasses easily. Would have given 5 stars, but don't yet howdurable they will be.
Bought these for night skiing. I own Oakleys, Anon and Spy goggles so I was skeptical about how these would compare. I couldn?? be more pleased. They did not fog up. They are very comfortable and I could not tell a difference between these $30 goggles and my $120+ goggles. I will DEFINITELY be purchasing another pair.
just as described.  great for very sunny days.  very comfortable.  nice carrying pouch included
These worked just as great as anything you could buy for $150+. The one downside is that when it gets close to 4pm, they are a little too dark.. otherwise I appreciated they were dark during full daylight.
I can only give 4 stars due to I have only used the product once. This review is based on the transaction only.  A more accurate review would be after a month or two of use.
Goggles look like they do in the pics.  field of view is great.  I really like that the ones I got didn't tint the world yellow/orange.  Only minor issue, and it's so minor I can't fault them for it, are some very small distortion points in the FOV.  You really gotta look for them to notice, and they don't distract at all when I'm flying down the hill.  For under $20, it's a good buy.  My only regret is not going for the X4 with the more easily replaceable magnetic lens.
I have $350 Oakley Iridium googles and this look almost a good. Seriously. I bought them to bike with my glasses on but will probably use snowboarding if I don?? want to put my contacts in. Seriously fit great with my helmet on which was a concern. I?? shocked my the quality, the fit and the lens vision. Home run regardless of price.
Got these in a pinch with Prime before a ski trip. Skied for a week with these and LOVED them. They never fogged up, don?? feel cheap or delicate. I really like them. Black lenses were a good choice for the really sunny days and also were fine for a cloudy/snowy day.
Not bad goggles. They fit good but lens is not nearly as red as the picture shows. More of an orange red. Little bummed bc I was hoping for that bright red color.
Look great and comfortable read the glassses sizes
These goggles are alright. I usually wear glasses and although these goggles did fit over my glasses well, they kept getting foggy and I couldn?? see. I ended up taking off my glasses and riding blind for the whole day because i could see better that way then with the extremely foggy ness my glasses were causing. If you don?? have glasses, these are great. If you are blind like me, I suggest investing in a better quality goggle if you want to really see well. They are perfect for a first timer if you??e trying the sport out though.
Great looking goggles. The outside is reflective and looks like a mirror. Glasses fit nicely underneath. Fogged really easily the first day of use. Tried to wipe away the condensation with gloves and there were clear circular scratch marks on the inside. Second day of use I adjusted the straps to make them as tight as possible which reduced condensation greatly, but still some degree of fogging. Overall I like the way it looks and is acceptable for the price. Make sure to use a soft fabric to clean the inside lens as it scratches easily.
The style and price are pretty good, comparing to the other options. As a beginner that doesn?? do snow sports very often, this is great! But they aren?? the most comfortable goggles you will find.
These did not fit over any pair of glasses anyone in our household wears (elementary school through adult). Too small to fit even small child frames. Very disappointing.
I don't have a ton to say but I wanted to make sure I left a 5 star review because I was very happy with the goggles. Got a few compliments when I wore them out and they did indeed fit over my glasses.
I like this set of goggles. The mirror ones easily get scratched but these don??. Don?? spend $200 on a pair of goggles they are not any different than these. I have several pairs from Zionor, I like them quite a bit. They look very cool. These are best on a sunny day and don?? work very well on a cloudy day. Keep that in mind. For 20 bucks by two pairs one for sunny weather and one for cloudy.
for almost 14 the price of good brand name goggles quite the deal
They look great and perform excellent for the price. These goggles are dark - meant for very sunny weather, so while they are excellent for the daytime, don?? try to wear them in the evening or at night. My only concern is the durability of the lens. I guess that?? where you get what you pay for. I??e used them about 10 times this season and they already have a few light scratches. I also don?? know if you can get replacement lenses?
I bought these goggles last year for a trip and they were spectacular. Better than my more known brand goggles. Great price and great quality. No fog. Unfortunately I scratched them. No worries though, replacement lenses are 15 bucks which isn?? bad. But like the other reviews, mine arrived scratched. There was one larger scratch and then the rest of the lense looked like steel wool had briefly passed over it, or it was rubbed once on an abrasive piece of fabric. It?? unfortunate as these are great preforming goggles that look great.
A good purchase for a temporary goggle. I purchased to take overseas and leave at friends house where I ski every year; while ??hey do what they??e supposed to do??I predict they??l fail in a couple years - most notably the face foam isn?? coated with felt and will surely outgas and fail.
super fast  delivery, excellent  product.
Fogged up a bit when having to wear a mask. Other than that they were great.
I used this for spraying poison to keep it out of my eyes. I am sure it?? works great for skiing too but it?? perfect for spraying poison and not overheating your face.
Update: After visiting their website and contacting them through email, they have offered to send a replacement lens. All within 12 hours of emailing them. That's amazing.Original review:Very good looking goggles. Got the silver polarized lens. There is a slight distortion in your view...almost like a bubble....not noticeable going fast but slightly noticeable if standing still.Also, I put these in the bag they came in and took them with me on a trip. When i got to the resort, I took the goggles out, and the plastic piece on the headband had managed slide around and scratch the hell out of my brand new goggles. They did perform ok and did not fog up, but I was bummed.Going to contact them
Sweet pair of goggles for the price. They do scratch pretty easy though
Worn all weekend skiing, no fogging issues even while wearing a mask. Make sure to put bottom of goggles over the top of mask to prevent breath from coming up and fogging. Great field of vision and tint did great in the bright sun.
Used them for the first time today on opening day at Copper Mountain Colorado.  Clear blue skies and about 30 degrees.  Vision was great (have the dark non reflective lens), fits my helmet like a glove, feel was great, and no issues what so ever with fogging/condensation  considering how bad I was sweating.  Love the look/style as well.  My only complaint is they did not come with instructions on how to remove lens.  Came with an insert on how to care for them but that's it.  I had to google a instructional video to figure it out.  Seems like a simple insert into packing to me.  Nonetheless great goggles and would recommend all day.
If your planning on using these with a helmet your gonna love them. They fit great..the straps tough and the amber tint lense (regardless of which color u choose yes from the inside out its amber) is super bright and everything on the slope is very well defined. If you don't have a helmet get one. Not only will it save your skull from a direct hit but these goggles won't make you look like something out of a bad 80's horror film. They stick out far from you face and without a helmet you'll be wishing you ordered a low profile or smaller pair. With a helmet you take on almost a pornstar type persona. The snow bunnies will be running into trees because they are too busy looking at you instead of watching where they are going.
Quite nice for the price ! Just got them today, they look super cool at first glance but at a closer inspection cheaply made! Have not tried them on the slopes yet though. 4 stars for now.After taking this googles on the mountain realized they are not worth it !! But I should have known, you get what u pay for. I took them out of the protective bag and for some reason the lens just got stained without me even touching it ! Tried to wipe it off but that was a no go. I just returned them and got a pair of Oakley flight deck whelp worth the $$$. Don't spend your time and money on this cheap stuff !!
I tried these on in my kitchen and couldn?? see ANYTHING. They are so foggy. I guess the positive thing I can say is that you won?? be getting too much light exposure to your eyes, but you also won?? be able to see obstacles on the slopes.
They look big eyed
I am a newbie snowboarder and got these because of the low price. I was expecting it to be cheap, but these were better quality than the cheapest brand sold at the actual ski resort. These were adjustable to fit around my head and helmet and they were comfy to wear the whole session. They only fogged up once because of proper placement over my balaclava, but overall, super impressed by its fit, anti-fog ability, and durability! highly recommend!
They seem to pull my glasses down. Have to keep adjusting.
Looks good, comfy. But it fogged up, got a lot of moisture and froze, could not use it after 2 hours of snowboarding. Not useful when it is cold.
Look great, but they fog up a little.
Fogs up really easily. The foam on the vents doesn't allow air to pass through. I ended up ripping out the foam while in the slope because I couldn't see. Doesn't seem like there's any anti-fog coating on the lens either.Fits over my glasses well though.
I usually don?? write reviews but this product is worth the write. Trust me I know the price looks too good to be true but they really are an amazing pair of goggles. I see many people wearing these goggles in big name ski resorts. Ive had them for 3 months and used them many times and haven?? had the slightest problem with either fogging or comfort. Try them out, if your on edge.
I love these snow goggles. They were a fantastic price. They filtered out the harmful light and I could see well on bright days. I bought the heavier filtered lens for bright days but at this price I will buy some lighter lens for darker days. There is a wide variety of lenses available and they are interchangeable, but I will probably buy a complete goggle because the price is fantastic. They look great on Me.
these are great! i get so many compliments on the slopes because they're VERY shiny and reflective. i was a little worried about the size because i have a small head/face (i was wearing kids goggles before this) but they fit great! i love that they come with a little pouch so they don't get scratched when you throw them in your gear bag. definitely would recommend!
These lenses are a good investment to go with the frames.
Purchased the clear orange version which allows the perfect amount of sun through to see the relief and contours of the slopes. I had been in a mirrored, grey-tinted goggle, which didn't work well on the overcast days we have in New England. This pair was going strong on a few trips before the season was cut short by the coronavirus outbreak: curious how they will hold up over time.
Excellent set of goggles. I love the wide peripheral vision and the clarity. Had no issues in cloudy dark weather and satisfied with the quality. Had a pair of Oakleys prior to this purchase but find that these pair are actually better
I wore these goggles snowboarding this past weekend for the first time and for the most part they functioned well.  There was some moisture and subsequent icing that got on the inside which caused fogging.  Otherwise they were clear and durable if kept clean.
4.5 stars really just because of the price. Couldn?? ask for better with that as a cap. However the quality is something to consider if you??e looking for a daily use or long term fix. These are just decent for the price.
We both got the blue, it?? beautiful! Comfortable and easy to adjust. The padding is soft. The fit was great. My husband uses the goggles over his glasses and it fits. It does seem that they will scratch easily which is a downside. Did not fog up for me at all, although it did fog up a little for my husband (I think because he was wearing his glasses).
I used them once so far and am very happy with my purchase. They are very comfortable, great visibility and really well made. They stay in place on my helmet with the sticky backing on the inside of the band.
Exactly what I needed for a last minute ski trip in Colorado! I never had issues with fogging or glaring. The style was similar enough to current name brand goggles that my friend, who always wears top of the line gear, said ??ow! Those goggles are sick!??,One person found this helpful"
I love the look of these goggles and they were great out in the snow.Pros:+ high quality look (friend asked how much I got these for because he thought these were the same as his which he got for 3x the price)+ kept me from going blind from the brightness of the sun reflecting on the snow+ made me look like a pro even though I actually sucked at snowboarding++++++ FITS OVER MY GLASSES, major plus on thisCons:+ sometimes fogs up, I found they needed to be positioned a certain way on my face to not fog up, took some trial and error but I got it downPreviously, I bought some super cheap goggles for my skiing trips. Big mistake, the difference between the cheapo ones and these are big.
Lens is clear and the look great. My only issue is that they are a little on the big side and they contact my helmet. This pushes them down on my nose a bit. They do however, fit well over glasses.
I've been using these goggles weekly for the first half of this season, and I'm quite happy with them so far.  It's mostly been very good weather conditions, no heavy fog or high temperatures, but I haven't had any fogging issues.  Good face coverage, good field of view, and I really like the lens' plain silver and the no-logo black strap.The lens isn't the best in optical quality; there is some distortion across the field of view.  (Look at a fixed spot and turn your head side to side so you look through different parts of the lens.)  I find it a nuisance, but not really an issue.
Google work amazing!! Love them. Colors are awesome I have green, and im pretty sure I'm going to buy another color, always good to have a back up pair incase of frost over. Must buy if looking, LOOK NO MORE!!
Both pairs were purchased from this seller. We loved our goggles and they were great our entire 2 hr. Snowmobile rideThese red and blue pairs were definitely a show stoping pair of goggles on the slopes !
Great goggles! Why spend $200 when you can get great quality for a better price! I bought 2 pairs, one for me & one for my fianc?, and we have since bought the changeable lenses for the different light conditions on the slopes. They are very easy to change & we have turned our ski pals on to this product. I highly recommend this product ??
Play in the snow
I love the look of the goggles, however, they were done after 1 use. In 1 use, they consistently fogged up. When I used a soft cloth to wipe it, they scratched right away. They look cool, but they're ridiculously fragile. I'd look for another pair of goggles.
(Man on left) I bought these goggles hoping for a temporary fix for not having goggles in time, but I love them. They fit great, and they work perfectly! Quality seems great for the price. Definitely recommend.
Right out the box they look good and feel nice on my head my only complaint is that the lenses are a little more rainbow than I wanted. The picture shows red and orange but there's a lot of blue
For the price great buy.
test on the mountain TBD
Lasted 10 minutes before completely fogging up. I just wore these for the first time, walking outside in -23*F windchill for about an hour. Worked great for about 10 minutes and then got filled with fog, which then froze into a layer of ice. I am going to try a few things and will update if any improvement. I think it has something to do with the seal not fitting snug enough around my face.On the positive side they fit great over my quite large eyeglasses (5.5" wide), although I didn't wear those this time as they immediately fogged up.I will update if I figure out a solution to the fogging. I'm guessing you have to make sure they are perfectly sealed around your face so no air can get in at all.
I ski 30+ days a year in Colorado and these Googles are a great value and very functional. No fogging and clear perspective . 1/3 the price of competitive models. Seeing these all over winter park ski area this year.
Super comfortable, barely had to adjust, didn?? fog! We have many cloudy and snowy days of snowboarding where we are and this particular (Orange see-through)  lens is perfect for those days.
Bought them for a recent trip to Colorado which also happened to be my first time snowboarding. :) I was questioning how good these were going to be for the price when name brand goggles in this style go for $200 easily. They worked wonderfully absolutely LOVE these goggles. They got bumped by the edge of a snowboard several times and didn't scratch. They don't fog up and the lens is easily removable for cleaning. They look pretty cool and I love the tint of the lens. They were great. Super comfortable, never fogged.
Great product for the money. The reflective coating is a bit delicate and scratches easily but overall a great value. I?? rather buy 5 of these than 1 set of expensive snow goggles.
Quality is great here, I had zero complaints the first times I used them, very warm and cozy. Only complaint I have is some of the gloss on the front of the goggles got scratched off somehow, I don't remember but it's good.
My husband will need these great goggles to be protected from the dirt, rocks and debris flying around at the dirt races!!
Ordered these for a dog mushing trip to Alaska.  Totally useless as they fogged up so badly that I could not see. Never could use them at all. Waste of money!!!!!
My husband is a snowboarder and his grandson suggested he get these.  He LOVES them.  Easy to switch lens.  He got the yellow lens to switch out.
Daughter loves them! She says they??e comfy, don?? fog up, and can see fine whether it?? a bluebird day or overcast. Haven?? tried them yet on a storm day yet though.
Translate review to English
Bought these for my Son.  Decent ski goggles for the price.  He said they fogged up a couple times, but might've been caused by the facemask.  Said they were comfortable and still likes them.
I bought one kid the Oakleys and then the rest of the fam got theses--honestly, I can't tell much difference but these were about $150.00 cheaper!  comfortable, good fit and uber cool looking!
The ski goggles fit perfectly over my glasses. I was certain to measure the width of my glasses and the height as well and compared it to the info about the ski goggles. I will say they are snug around them, but once they are on, they are on. I do not live anywhere near the mountains, but in western Kansas we do have some terrible blizzards. I will use them year after year and I?? thrilled to have them as part of my winter attire. Thank you so much.
This was a gift, my granddaughter was going skiing for the first time and needed googles - selected these.  She said they worked well once they were actually skiing.
I was hesitant to buy snow gear from Amazon especially since my boyfriend is such an avid skier but the goggles worked perfectly while skiing. Glad I bought them!
I haven't taken them out snowboarding yet but I did wear them in the house for a good 2 hours lol no joke. They didn't fog up and I was really able to see. It didn't limit my vision.There isnt an off color when you see threw them, things are just a bit dimmer from the sun.
Great goggles no complaints.  Did not fog up which says a lot because I get hot and sweaty when skiing.
So far, really good. I??e ridden for 20+ years, and I?? picky about vision. These outperform my $100 other storm day goggles in terms of not fogging up. I have used them on several first-chair powder days in very low light and been very pleased with them. I wear an Anon Prime helmet, size L, and they fit fine.
Good
Very disappointed by this. The product looks decent, but the quality is terrible. There is a reason why these are very cheap. I am returning this right away. Here are some issues:There is a very sticky substance all over the frames. It's one of three things. Either its the plasticizer leeching out of the soft portions of the product and causing that sticky feeling over the frame (happens to a lot of cheap products over time). Or it's the adhesive they used to glue the foam around parts. Or it could simply be something spilled on it in production. Either way, it's impossible to remove. It's getting on the lenses. If it's plasticizer or adhesive used, every single pair of these googles will have that problem eventually.In general, they are pretty flimsy. The foam is attached in not so precise way.I didn't get a chance to use them outside, but they did seem to fit over my smallish pair of glasses fine.
I was skeptical buying these because of the price point. I snowboard only a few days a year and needed a cheap replacement pair. These worked great. The visability during a sunny day, cloudy day, and snowy day all were great!  My lenses are around 20% which is a great catch all for multiple lighting conditions.
These work great for me when the temps really drop.No fogging, no brain freeze! Yay!No idea how they are for skiing.
Safe to say perfect protection! Uv protection was great along with the fact they stay in place so well! Easy to clean and very durable!
Asian for goggles. The black lens is good, black non reflective, like sunglasses. You can also flip the strap inside out to be all black without brand names
Work as intended. Lens can get a bit foggy when it?? super wet (like when raining), but other than that, no fogging issues
all I can say is I love these things. I ordered them just days before I left for a mammoth trip and they arrived on time, not only looking awesome but feeling super comfortable on my face while riding. After withstanding the 3 ft of powder we had, these things didn't fog up a single time on me and were very breathable while still having a sleek look, and great peripheral sight. I highly recommend these goggles to any type of snowboarder or skier going on the slopes there is no need to buy super expensive ones when you have these that look exactly the same and function just as well.
I have been trying to find a pair of goggles, and I have tested a few, that will keep my glasses fog free.  This is the first pair that does that.  There is occasional fogging but it quickly clears.  I am delighted to have found these goggles.  Thank you very much!!
I bought a pair three years ago and they are still going strong, scratches yes but working for a snowmobile tour company and a ski resort they are daily wear items and I'm not gentle with them. I recently purchased six more for my family and they all loved them. The anti fog works well in all conditions. Not quite the quality of Smith or Oakley but when you can get 4 for the price of 1 who cares.
Great spare lens. Clear lenses are perfect for those low visibility days, without coloring your vision!
Love these goggles Got these for hunting. Last time i was hunting it was -18 outside...  so you kinda want your full face covered if your out and about. Got a 5 point buck that day too! I guess some people would call it a 10 point idk. Not a whole lot of people out hunting on that day..  i wonder why?Great goggles would buy them again. even looks alot like my friends googles that he paid 200 dollars for. His has quick attachable lenses and if he wrecks his lenses pop off.
It wasn't obvious to me that this is just a lens. No goggles. You will need your own goggles. Cant rate it so
Best fitting, excellent for low and bright light skiing, but not night skiing. Scratch easily, but fit over my glasses with no fog!
Bought these for a snow tubing event and I?? very happy that I did. It ended up sleeting while we were there this kept it all from going in my eyes. I do admit that I gave it 4 stars d/t them fogging up pretty bad towards the end, but I??l take the fog over not being able to participate.
I have a small adult face, and these goggle were more than an inch too tall to wear with my ski helmet.  My partner with a large adult face had the same problem. The slid down and covered my nose with my helmet on.So, they are great (gorgeous, and they offer POLARIZED lenses, no fogging, comfortable, multiple VTE ratings for different snow days) as long as you're not wearing them with a helmet. Great with a hat for snow play.  Pretty garbage if you're using a helmet.
I bought these for our whole family for a weekend trip. The price is phenomenal and they worked brilliantly on a super cold, super sunny weekend. No scratches or anything so far, with 2 non-careful kids. We have never skied with goggles before and we're super surprised/happy with the difference they make.
Very nice and comfortable. Happy with these googles!
Loved these.  Skied in Colorado with them, fit perfectly around a helmet.  Comfortable and look great!
These goggles are so nice. I love the way they look and fit. The sad part is that unfortunately I didn?? get to wear them on the slopes, because someone stole them while I was buying my lift ticket. :( they are nice though!
these bussin
Fit really well over my glasses, and mostly stayed on my head through all the wipeouts
I received so many complements on my goggles while skiing and snowmobiling.  The vision is great and they never fogged up while driving a snowmobile with negative temps and snow.  I purchased the polarized lens and love it.  It is as good as my sunglasses for vision and clarity and never once had the concurve vision feeling while wearing them.  I do wish the strap wasn't so boring, but that is a small (very small) issue.  The goggles are amazing and cover most of your face so the cold isn't an issue. I cant wait to play in the snow again so I can break them out.
The goggles are great for the money but the lens coating  scratches very easy, after wearing them once I noticed a number of small scratches . If  you are careful and protect the lens you will be happy  your purchase .
Didn?? fog up at all. Fit perfectly. I used these for night skiing and was able to ski fine. Others complained it being to dark.
I wore these for a week straight in Vail, CO pre-covid and barely had any issues. There were some fogginess during little hikes with heavy breathing, but I was surprised how comfortable they were even with glasses on.
These met expectations. Did have some issues w fogging, and the lenses are delicate/scratch easily. But an excellent price given alternatives...
Wore them for the first time yesterday. My friend had also bought the exact same pair. After four hours skiing I finally realized I had them on my head that?? how perfect they were. Never fogged up once very comfortable. When you don?? realize you??e wearing goggles you know they are great.
I am actually using googles to mow a gigantic yard and this keeps the grass dust out of my eyes.  The UV protection improves my vision during the super sunny days.  I will  get another pair for skiing.
These don?? fog up at all, insane! So worth the price
Make sure you read and pick correct shading for your weather. They look great and fit over my glasses.
As expected, fast shipment, kinda a lot of packaging. Great goggles, though. They look really cool with my BMX (bicycle moto cross) helmet, which has saved my face from impact a few times. Very good visability. Felt nice and warm on a low teens Fahrenheit day.  At this price hard to go wrong!
Used with snowmobile helmet and worked great.
Will wear them this winter
These did not fit over my adult small sized glasses (5.25 x 1.25). The goggle frame pushes on my glasses and creates uncomfortable pressure at my nose and temples. Outside of this, they look cool but that's about it.
It was great however i went skiing on a hotter day and it did fog, had to remove them and clean them up
I bought these before I new about the magnetic ones.  Changing lenses takes a little fiddling.  These are good googles, but the magnetic ones make changing lenses a snap.
This was a gift for my son-in-law and he said they were absolutely perfect and like the fact that they had the UV blocker on them
Can't beat the price and quality for less than $20. I ordered two. I returned the polarized ones because they arrived used and they were more expensive. I kept the regular silver ones and used them while skiing in Canada and they worked just fine.
These were great!!! About half the people on the mountain this day had this exact goggle brand, which says something! A great, affordable option.
Tinting was uneven, fades from pink to yellow from left to right, blue optic coating needs to be sealed, it attracts smudges that are impossible to get off, there was a spot in the middle of the lens from the application of the mirror coat. Needs an anti reflective coating on inside of two layer lens, lots of internal reflection. Glue everywhere, very sloppy application in the factory. Foam on bridge of nose is too thick, and restricts breathing. The band could use some grippyness. The yellow bright lens was much cleaner optically than the blue/brown, odd distortion when I turn my head.These do fit over glasses  very well, look good, are very well ventilated, and show a lot of promise, but need those small improvements that are so hard to come by. A ok value at $50, but not comparable to Oakley's yet. Lenses also easy to change.
Got a little foggy while breathing through my nose I noticed, do not judge the looks of these goggles indoors or through artificial lighting, only outdoor will the goggles look and match the picture perfectly, 4 stars because it did get a tiny bit foggy when it said fog free, and the strap is not advertised for those wondering it is just an all black strap no logos or anything. Very warm and the polarization did exceed my expectations, great buy for the price.
I loved them no fogging and when it was darker I still thought it was lighter with these on.
Got them for my hubby his 2nd pair different lens color - HE loves them - everyone at the mountain loves them too!
I bought these thinking EH, they're only $60, worst comes to worst I'll have extra goggles.  These goggles are awesome.  I like them better than my electrics, which will often retail for 150 or more.  The lens is kind of annoying to change out at first but I got used to it and, they were only $60!!!  No fogging at mt bachelor, OR on a 25 degree snowy day.  Ordered the yellow low light lenses as well, very satisfied with my purchase!  Definitely recommend if you are looking for high end looking goggles but don't want to spend over $200
Worth the money!!! I was skeptical but these are amazing glasses. They didn?? fog up at all and I could see well!
I highly recommend these googles they worked perfect for the blue bird days over spring break.
my other were scratched.  These are a perfect replacement.  Will buy again is scratch the lens.
I went to a riffraff concert whichinspired me to buy these for my upcoming snowboard trip at vale. I was pretty pumped about the Miami vice multi color reflection. The only problem was I actually can't see out of them.  A minor case of fog and a slight sun reflection led to me eating s*** and blowing out my MCL.  Not worth the price tag.  On a positive note they are great for a ski weekend facial.
I got these to wear over my glasses in Covid patient rooms with my other PPE. They are comfortable and don't fog up for most use. I also have readers that fit under it, and they fir perfectly over my respirator.
These are some good looking goggles. I live in the northeast and ski a few times a year. I haven't used them yet but will update the review after a few times on the slopes. They seem rugged and will take normal abuse. Great price on a design that is typically more expensive
I had no problem with my glasses (standard size) and it did not fog. Great product.
Great lenses for riding at night. Didn?? experience much fogging when wearing my goggles underneath helmet.
I didn't like how little visibility there was. The foam is to thick so it cuts the view down.
Great, love them. They worked great with and without glasses. Didn't fog up. Crystal clear.
Wish it had a rubberized backing to keep it in place ; it slides on the helmet
Great product. Fits my eyeglasses just like the dimensions they said would fit.  No fogging and comfortable.
It?? a good pair of goggles. They are sick looking and don?? fog up at all! Only complaint is it fits very snug around my glasses so you have to be careful when taking the goggles on and off so it doesn?? bend your glasses.
Used to snowmobile in Alaska in sub-zero temps. They worked well
My buddy bought the green ones and liked em. They definitely feel cheap but they get the job done.
My daughter skied all season with these and they worked great. She loves them.
I never bought one because it?? to expensive so when I see this product ! I decided to buy
Love these and I was able to wear my regular prescription glasses under. They look aesthetic  pleasing.
There is a inner reflection that affects the view for this specific color combination. Because the frame is write, it is not negligible. Otherwise it is good.
Great goggles for the price. No need to buy expensive ski goggles a again!
Perfect pair of goggles for my 15 year old sonHe loved them
I bought these to go skiing in Lake Tahoe, but I ended up not wearing these goggles as much as I thought I would. They scratch pretty easy so be careful where you place them down. They got foggy really quick and I had to remove them to see. I decided to just wear my regular glasses instead of them. Also not a good fit with glasses in them.
Perfect fit, perfect size, great protection Comfortable around the head, soft on the face.
Even though the goggles appear to have a wider field of view, they actually have less of a field of view of my old goggles
I have only worn these once on a sunny day on the mountain but they were great! No issues. Great product fit a great price! Im glad I didn't spend $100+ on brand name goggles because these do the job well!! Very happy
I have skied for over 25 years and worn all the name brand expensive googles, hands down these are the best, during a recent trip we encountered every weather condition from blue bird sky?? and sun to -9 and heavy snow, these googles seemed to adapt to each scenario extremely well, absolutely no fogging and the ability to see clearly even when the light goes flat, can?? recommend them highly enough
These goggles are very comfortable, didn?? fog up and provided a natural light view.
Work great, but were too big an pushed down on my nose
Used in VT in varying weather and had no issues with fogging, slipping, nose bridge etc.
i wear glasses so was looking for goggles that would comfortably fit over the glasses if i choose not to wear contact lenses. These work great! the  tint is perfect and they are really comfortable. Keepers for sure!
I??e had Oakley and Bolle and these are my favorite pair. They are really comfortable and wide giving me a large range of viewing. So far they are durable.  Can?? beat the price for the quality either!EDIT:  Used them with a neck warmer this past weekend and they fogged up easily! These are NOT anti-fog!
Great product i cant wait to get to the snow to try them out
Very little fogging if any and only when riding on a lift chair. The airflow from riding downhill helps with that.  Good goggles. Well priced.
After one wearing, the lens had a huge scratch across the line of vision. Even though the wearer is advised to protect lenses between use with the provided pouch, there is no guarantee they will be protected. Apparently the lens is not coated to protect the color or tint so any scratch will leave a huge mark. The irony is the product page lists the frame as "anti-scratch." No mention of the lens with such protection.Other than the too easily scratched lens, these are a great set of goggles for skiing because the vision line is wide with a great peripheral view. The price is affordable and, yes, the lens is detachable and interchangable with the two dozen other lenses that Zionor sells.
Great super comfortable but they fog up kind of quick
Amazing goggles for the money. Wore them for 3 days in Mammoth 2 weeks ago. They didn?? fog up or let any breeze in. They only came with 1 color of lens but turned out great on a blue jay day as well as a white out. Have seen goggles in the ski stores that are almost the same for $200+. You will not regret buying these....love them
Fit nice and snug. Never fogged. Blocked the bright light adequately.
Comfortable, did not block visual field at all and did not fog. Extremely pleased
Good value googles. Did fog up some. Meant for sunny days
Love these fit well on my big head. Very comfy and great vis
They look nice and are comfortable, some detail gets lost when wearing them which makes it a little hard to read the terrain. Overall they're pretty good for the money.
Best goggles. It doesn't create steam inside the goggles and protect sun
Great looking and extremely nice for sunny days at the slopes
Fit as advertised and easy to change lenses. Great quality product.
If I give 5 stars no one would try to improve.
Fogged up after 3 hours of use. i would constantly rearrange my head gear but it would constantly fog. the product looks clean but it?? hard to wear it when it?? difficult to see.
Haven't use them yet since it's summertime but the product looks great feels great and the price is right arrive pretty fast to
Worked as expected and never once fogged up on a 3-day ski trip with varying temperatures. Why one would pay $200 for Oakley?? is beyond me! Oh, and the lenses are removable and easy to swap out!
Great deal. Don?? fog up. Easily fits over glasses on my big head.
Good but not as reflective as it appears
great price, it works, I have no complaints and would recommend it...
I have a different pair of these for day skiing that have worked really well for me. I??e worn these twice and have left them in the bag they come with. I always make a point to take care of my gear, and try to make it last as long as possible. Last time I took them out of the bag, they were completely scratched up. Pretty bummed, gonna have to get a new lens for them. Hopefully it?? not a recurring issue.
Took them on vacation in Tahoe last week and they were wonderful
These are unmatchable for the price and quality! You should definitely buy these because:1) They look great. You'll look like a boss in goggles like these.2) They don't fog up at all.3) You can change the lenses out based on conditions and preference. Changing the lenses is also super easy to do.4) They cover more of your face than traditional goggles, thus keeping you warmer by making less of your face exposed.5) They're priced fairly compared to similar goggles made by smith and dragon which run $200+
I will never buy this product looks so good in pictures it looks like a toy goggles really disappointed I??l give it to my kid total waste of money do not buy they do not look like in pictures in plastic it?? just cheap
Not as big as I expected.  They are about an inch smaller size size than my other zionor goggles which I love.  These are about the average size goggles.  I have a big head and love the size of my originals but it seems they were discontinued.  Overall these are ok but nothing special.
Great Goggles for the price. Exactly what I expected. Recommend!
Great googles and affordable. Just snowboarded keystone,CO and didn?? have any issues
Very comfortable, fit well over glasses. Did what I hoped they would.
Recommend theses to multiple friends, got many to buy them. Durable, don?? fog up and see good. UV resistance was awesome, I got 9% and saw clear as day but without the sun blinding me
Bought 3 pairs to have for guests to on upcoming ski trip...and have a spares ..tried them out beforehand and note good overall quality and site clarity.  Didn't fog and can accommodate glasses which one of my guests wears
Fog-free. Very comfortable with a helmet. Stylish. I paid way to much for Oakley goggles that fog seconds after you put them on...useless in windy cold conditions...Hello...That's why we wear them! My Zionor goggles never fogged, never, not once. Unsurpassed customer service too, these guys have rewritten the book on how you should treat your customer. They exceeded my expectations, not an easy task in my case! Too bad they don't make cars...I'd buy one tomorrow. I predict you'll see lots of these out there next year. Well done Zionor, well done.
These are adequate goggles but not great, they fog easily and stay fogged up for a long time once they get that way.
These are great.  Good vision, no fogging.
The product is gorgeous but it gets foggy.
Looked good, fit well. Blocked glare from snow.
I bought these goggles for snowboarding and they are perfect for me.
My husband really liked these.  Good quality and price.
Not only were these amazing by style....but they were very efficient while it snowed and rained on the mountain. The water and mist rolled off the lens as I snowboarded throughout the day! Totally satisfied.
Great looking snow goggles don't fog up and very clear.
Can?? beat these for the low cost!
Looks cool. It works with my glasses on.
Great for ski. Very comfortable and light weight
They fog up really easy on cold days. They are a basic goggle that don't perform great in extreme conditions.
These goggles work great for skiing in bright light and you can purchase additional lenses that let you adapt to conditions. I have a pair with the reflective polar lens and my son has a pair with funky green/blue lens plus we purchase the yellow tinted lens. This combo is great for all ski conditions.The one con I have is that the padding and goggle frame is too thick so and so it protrudes too far away from my face, which obstructs my vision. For this reason I now use only sun glasses in sunny weather and use this goggle with the clear lens for darker conditions.
Ski goggles, look great and can?? wait to use them
My 13 year old son loves them
Looks great, fits great, and well priced!
Fit is great and they are so cute
UPDATE: I had the chance to use them and they did fog up on me a few times but were still somewhat clear. Nothing a little anti-fog spray cant fixThese things look and feel great. Can't wait to use them on the mountain. Bought a yellow lens and a case to go with them. They do come in a micro fiber bag though.
These were great. Looked as good as they worked
These goggles worked great on a week long trip to Big Sky, MT.  I think the lenses are more prone to scratches due to design (frameless) and quality, but with decent care can be avoided.  At this price point I was very happy with the look and function of these goggles, and would buy them again in a second!
These fit over my glasses! Just what I was looking forward.
Good for the price. The lens did fog up a little bit but I just took them off for a few seconds and they didn't fog up again.
AmazingGreat do sunny and cloudy days
Love them!
Awesome googles!! I?? buying another pair for my son!!
exactly what i needed
Fit nicely over glasses 5 and1/8" wide.  Good dust protection in desert.  Didn't like the way the head band positioned directly over ears and had a lot of difficulty getting the clear lens to seat properly.
Works well in low light
Lens got scratched on the first use. But other than that, worked well and didn?? fog up
The quality far exceeds the cost of this product. They fit well and do not allow air to pass through the seal. Loved the anti-fog  feature which helps but be sure to buy anti-fog for your regular glasses if you plan to wear them under the goggles. I would definitely recommend them and purchase this brand again.
Worked well, had bigger range of view and got compliments. Great value for the price. Diddnt dog once, and snow air dryer relatively quickly of lenses when its snowing or gets kicked up.
Wasn?? sure how the quality would be for being such a bargain, but I am very pleased. I haven?? had an expensive pair l, but these work very nicely.
Great look and fits perfectly
Nice looking and value
Really enjoying these goggles! Comfortable, don't fog up, and really help with snow navigating. Great color! Couldnt be happier! My family spent around $100 on theirs, but both had great performance today.
Haven?? worn them yet but they look great!
Perfect for sunny days snowboarding.
Really liked these! First time skier and these were awesome. Didn?? feel sweaty in them at all, did a great job at ventilating. Would recommend for sure!
nothing wrong with them could fit glasses behind had great time skiing
Used them every day for our ski trip. Ill never spend hundreds on ski goggles again.
Perfectly good goggles for the price especially. They protect from the sun nicely, cover plenty of face, and don't fog up at all even with cloth over my mouth. They haven't scratched yet, and the strap is removable making it easy to swap out parts. I took a star away for comfort, but they're no worse than my previous pair of Smiths.
Love it
My teenage kids used these for their most recent ski trip. One day was sunny and the next was snowy. Goggles worked fine on both days.
I was heading to Italy and needed some cheap ski goggles. I ski once a year and was not looking to pay 60 dollars for a pair of goggles. Orange is my favorite color as well. These goggles look awesome, are comfortable and wont break the bank. Exactly what I needed.
We use these while snow blowing in the wind conditions of rural Wisconsin. They work great. Takes the eye sting away when idea snow is in our faces.
Great look on these googles but the lens scratch VERY easily. I Bought the Silver version last November and within 6 or 7 wears the Silver coating on the lens had rubbed of in several spots on the lower third wear they might have rubbed against my fleece neck/face mask.  Fleece is the key word here.  Anywho I re-ordered replacement lens a week ago and they arrived with very clear and deep scratches on them right out of the box.  Clearly no one (human) looked at these before they were shipped and if they did and sent them anyway,  that speaks even worse for this Vendor.  They are very cheep but there is no bargain here, ski googles can cost 100$ so you get what you pay for here for a 1/4 of that price.  As much as I like the look I have returned my new scratched lens and I am going to spend my money elsewhere.
Love them hit in the neighborhood
Cannot recommend these enough!! Clear image, cool color and stylish too. Best goggles I have ever taken out on the slopes.
How it cuts down the sun.
Great value! Fits over helmet, no fog
Great product looks nice and great quality
I love them they look awesome
Awesome product, enough said!??
Great goggles
Looking for a polarized ski goggle under $350? Here you go. I'm a ski instructor and this compares nicely to Dragon and Smith type goggles with a medium frame. Helmet friendly and with additional lenses available and very inexpensive for the quality. If your thinking of buying goggles at $120 or above first think of this one, great goggle.
Not made for a large noggin like mine. For smaller faces. Ok otherwise.
Translate review to English
Exactly like the photo
These goggles are better than expected.
Pretty, comfortable, love the product
DIDNT FOG UP ONCE!was great for bright sun - like perfect sunglasses - good 180deg viewnext time I would prefer to go with a lower profile goggles like my friend had - they are not as bigbut these were amazing and did a great job -  would def buy again
It's decent for what you pay and cheap enough to not care they get messed up.
I really enjoyed these goggles for the first four ski trips, they cover a large part of your face to keep you warm and protected from the elements, I can even wear my prescription glasses underneath them and they still breathe fairly well. However, the last time I went up, I accidentally got some sunscreen spray on them and even though I tried to wipe off immediately, the damage was done and the nice reflective coating is permanently eroded. Very unfortunate and I guess that's why I can't have nice things...
Great value for money
Love these goggles!!! They look and fit great. We noticed a handful of other people were wearing the same goggles. Couldnt be happier with these for the price!
Really good quality
These worked great for day boarding but were a little to dark for night boarding. They did not fog up at all!! Great for the price.
Pretty good for the price
Wore the Lagopus X3 blue in Colorado in January 2016. Weather was 15 degrees, cloudy, and snowy at times. Coverage was great, visibility was decent, so I would not recommend for beginner skiers/boarders to wear this in poor weather conditions. But the look was amazing with the borderless, detachable lens. Got dozens of compliments every hour.
These are comfortable and look great for the price. Pros: Lens work Great. Nice and big. Look cool on top of it Cons: Only downside is field of view was not what i thought it would be.I also go the Black Zioner straps which i was hoping for and not the BE NICE strap. I am very happy with this order and will be buying the yellow lens for night or stormy riding.Thanks guys for the awesome product!
Great value. Would definitely recommend.
We bought 2 different brands for our day trip. Their pair had a scratch inside when we received it but it was last min and for the price we decided it was small enough. Nope immediately thry fogged up all day long and u can?? wipe the inside of the glasses without scratching them up. A few hrs on the mountain and they were trash. Very disappointing
Was a gift.
Don?? ask
Bought these for a beginners first ride, they held up well & did not get foggy on them. Oversized to perfection!
The goggles came with little notches cut out of the foam so they fit over my glasses perfectly. On a day that was warm at the bottom and windy/cold at the top there was no fogging and good vision in flat light. They are very comfortable with a wide adjustable strap.
Love these, we use them when we're riding our side by side.
Very nice goggles for the price.  Hard to beat when the entire goggles are cheaper than replacement lenses on others.
the person loved it!!
Definitely worth the money. Offers a clear view with darker tint on the edges for a comfortable & fully protected experience.
There are a few companies who must all get their goggles from the same place. Zionor, Deft Optics, Xevo and im sure many more. What I ended up doing was buying a strap from deft, the lens from Xevo and the fram from Zionor. A completely customizable goggle for under 100.
Excellent goggles used this week cannot tell the difference between these and my expensive pair of goggles that I'll never buy again
Looks great, feels great and superb price. You will be paying way more for similar at any sporting goods store.
They came exactly when again said they would arrive, and I used overnight shipping. I am very impressed with these goggles, they look just like they do in the pictures and work very well! The strap mine came with is black and white and it's adjustable so if fits on a helmet or on my head. The only thing is they fogged up near the top occasionally, but after allowing them to vent for a few minutes they were good to go again. I love these goggles!!
Awesome ??
Just got them in the mail, wanted a pair of goggles that I could wear my prescription glasses under and these seem to fit just fine, will revise my rating when I get back from the snow trip next month but for now they fit well, look good and work fine with glasses.
Pros:Really liked the mirror effect. Colors as expected. Fits nicely. Got so many compliments!Cons:They scratch easily. I wear glasses and you can't fit them inside the goggles. Which I knew ahead of buying.Overall, would definately buy again!
Solid purchase for the priceCons fogged up pretty quickly after a couple runs while wearing a tight fitting helmet
Great product
These things are awesome!! Comfy never fog and super light weight. Definitely worth every penny
Pretty awesome, a price worthy ski mask that looks cool at the same time. Highly recommend
It's comfortable looks amazing
Protective eye gear for going out with COVID19. Also good for having during a midwest snow ball fight.
I received the goggles, packaging was not the best, the lenses were wrapped seperately, no instructions, no information at all. but after trying the different lenses, I now have 5 pairs of goggles in 1 !!! they do fit over my medium sized prescription glasses. I have not had any fogging issues and I am sure I will be ordering a pair for my son!! I would say I am very happy happy and satisfied.
Work well, very dark. Strange yellow tint from inside. The barest hint of polarization only, so don't expect that.
Better than expected.. sturdy.
I was nervous buying these at first cause I have never heard of Zionor but after a day at Bristol these goggles proved to be absolutely awesome! I got the polarized silver. Worth every penny. Extremely comfortable and fit great. I had no problem at all with fogging or any cold air coming through. Got a few compliments as well. They are more of a daytime goggle but they worked well at night too.
Figs up to easy.
Ciclismo. Alpimismo.
These are so dope
I loved these goggles. Great build quality and wonderful color. The only negative is that the lens scratches very easy and the goggles must be kept in a protective case.
Not only it's the best, but the most responsible customer care ever. For some reason, (after 350 days after my purchase) I had a foggy experience with it's lens and as this company giving to its buyers 1 full year warranty, they gave me a replacement,BUT HOLD ON; I received a new pair instead of the spare lens.It's so awesome.Highly recommended.
I *REALLY* dug these goggles on my last ski trip!! They're sooo big they cover almost all my face, but they allowed me a huge viewing radius and were the hit of the ski club I went with!  They never fogged up, despite skiing in clouds, snow, *and* warm sunshine- and they were pretty solid for viewing in all of those conditions, also.  I'm *very* pleased with this purchase and would recommend them to anyone!
I like them. I wear sunglasses more than anything so Im used to that. Theyre a great buy.
These goggles are just like the high end ones but at a more affordable price.  I love the changeable lenses.
Just ok.  Fogged up.
For the price you cant ask for any better. I did not notice any fogging. they actually fogged less than my more expensive spy goggles! you will not regret this purchase 100 percent guarantee! as far as scratching I read in other reviews Oakley's scratch just the same. Treat them like you paid 200 bucks for them and you'll be fine!
good.
Great for skiing.
I bought these to go over my prescription glasses as they advertised bit will not fit over. I still use them without my prescription glasses and they work fine
The vent system is not great, hence the lens fogging up very easily. Other than that, they??e a good buy for someone who?? ski?? just a few times a season.
They were a different color than I ordered (black instead of silver) but overall very good product
I've used my new goggle for 3 days in North Carolina these holidays and had a great time with them. Lens are great, no blur, overall seem to be made of very good materials. I am happy with this purchase!
I purchased these because they were sold as an OTG goggle.  I'm an average sized guy and they were too small for my face even without glasses.  I can't imagine how small you would have to be to have these fit over glasses, maybe a kid?
Nice
I just needed a budget pair of night goggles, so I was not expecting much. However this is a HUGE disappointment. No optical plastic for the lens, no anti reflective coating on the inside, no anti-fog coatings.  Massive optical distortion and significant inside reflections. Snowball fights with the kid, sure. Skiing, no, not even close.
These goggles make for fun pictures and kept the sun from burning my retinas! You can wear these at night, but I wouldn't recommend it if you aren't familiar with the trail and not very good at snowboarding (had to learn the hard way). They didn't fog up, weren't painful, and didn't leave any ugly marks around my eyes after constant wear. I'm a huge fan of these!
Lens came in with a small scratch on the outside but had no choice but to use them because they came in right before my trip. Worked great for the first day minus the small scratch. Second day when it snowed they completely became useless. The seal on the top half that snow was hitting started to leak causing moisture build up on the inside of the googles causing them to fog. Once the started leaking and the moisture barrier was broken I actually had lines of water running down the inside of the lens and my forehead. Long story short I had to buy a new pair mountain side.
EXACTLY what I needed. I wanted mirrored goggles and I got exactly that for such a good price
Over the glasses. Comfortable enough.  Have not had long enough to comment on durability.
These are excellent goggles for the price... I bought both the mirrored and yellow lenses to cover both sunny and overcast days.  They are comfortable, don't fog up, and have great visibility.  There are no instructions for changing lenses, but I was able to figure it out fairly easy.  I've used these for about 10 ski days so far and am extremely pleased.
These goggles are a great deal for the price. I have had no issues with durability or fogging up
Wore them on the slopes nice glare reduction got comments from opposite sex so all good!
I bought two, one of them got scratched when I received it
Good price with good quality
These are without a doubt the best bang for your buck. Snow machines on all day and ate snow a few times in powdery areas. Very temporary fogging (this happens with pricey models as well guys when you wipe out) but cleared up very fast. I also suggest getting the yellow lenses to swap out for night riding. Couldn't get anything better than these without spending $120+.
Love these goggles! Very comfortable, chic, and good quality. Would recommend and buy again
My grandson was  extremely pleased with this product and loved the blue color
Great lense fits perfectly in my old Zionor goggles.
Get fogged if you get snow in them but just like any goggles. Really nice looking but affordable. Not as good for powder days but perfect for sunny!
great shi goggles, but too big for my 12 year old. They look great on my husband!
I have to say so far I'm impressed with these goggles. I haven't been on the mountains with them yet but I've kind of tested them to see if they would fog up and I haven't been able to fog them up yet. Also they arrived a day earlier than expected which was very nice. I'll be snowboarding soon so I'll leave more details then.
They are comfortable, stylish, well made and were delivered in a short period of time.
I've used these for 3 seasons and they are holding up great. Nice quality, they fit well over my rather large glasses, and they are well ventilated and don't fog. These are a great value!
Certainly a fine lower cost eyewear option. This product showed up clearly used and damaged with scratches on the front. Very dissapointing as it had otherwsie good reviews. If you want to ensure you are buying truly new undamaged items I would look elsewhere.
These are fabulous. No fog, comfortable fit. I would highly recommend these goggles.
Bought these for skiing this winter and could not be any happier with them. There is no need to go out and buy a pair of $140+ mirrored goggles when you can buy these. I got a lot of complements this winter on the slopes wearing these. Also are great for day skiing, they do an amazing job at blocking the sun.
Great fit and value. I now have 3 pairs for different light conditions.
You could spend a lot more!
Fit in my full face helmet just like I was hoping they're great goggles
Very comfortable and light weight.  Good value. No blind spots.
Love the goggles. They don't fog when wearing them however when u rest them on your forehead they tend to fog up. But I love the price and the quality.
The additional yellow lens I bought is not good in flat light...
Awesome products I love it the snowboard gogles
Didn't enjoy snowboarding that much because this kept on fogging up easily. Had to use another one during our trip.
I initially I bought the "Polarized" silver goggles mainly because of the cool reflective surface and the polarization feature. But after only one day of snowboarding the polarized silver completely rubbed off and the goggles no longer have any reflective surface left. Even the slightest of touch with my ski gloves rubbed the the reflective surface off. But besides the reflective surface they seem to work great.
GOOD QUALITY, AND GOOD PROTECTION. THANKS.
Ordered two pairs of these for a ski trip  and I loved them. I never had an issue with fogging in four days of skiing. Is recommend them to anyone.
Great! Lasted two whole days at Gore Mountain. Great sun protection. Fog free (on the inside). The outside fogged due to breathing, but cleared up no problem. Typical goggle problems. For the price, i think it held up great compared to my buddies' $150 pair of goggles. Replacement lenses seem hard to come by but judging by the yellow lens, they seem cheap and reasonable with great performance. Would recommend.
Great goggles.  Sharp clear lenss.  Lightweight and comfortable.
Works Great and Love that they are interchangeable.
I wanted to make sure I got to use them before I wrote my review. Delivery was fast and I was impressed with the appearance and quality already and after using them in negative temperatures in Alaska I am still very impressed. Visibility was great and the polar lense was perfect to take the glare off the snow.
Loving my new goggles! These are stylish and they work very well. They come with a bag to keep them in. They fit very well. I don't see anything that separates them from $150 pairs of goggles. So if you want to look good and she well while riding down the mountain these are a good choice.
Good product.  Fogged up a little, but great visibility.
I love these goggles I ware them everyday at work
I am pretty happy with the goggles. they do fog slightly on a foggy day or when one is sweaty, but i am very happy with them for the price. These actually work just as well, if not better, than my  expensive smith optics goggles and they cost half the price.
They fog up but they??e great other than that
Goggles worked well, didn?? fog, and was a good value for the money.
PROS:-Nicely constructed, hardy materials-Stylish colors and design-Works well with helmets-Easily adjustable size settings-Impermeable to wind and other harsh conditions-Exquisite comfort/ample interior lining, which rests nicely on the nasal bridgeCONS:-Lens tent is probably too dark/dim for night-skiing or poorly lighted areas
These are super comfy and look so freaking awesome on! They are super reflective and as long as you store them nicely they don't get too beat up as long as you are careful. Stood up through both ski trips and burning man and still look great!
Just returned from a trip to Mammoth where I used these goggles on both snowy and very sunny days. I absolutely love them! They fit great, do not fog and are super stylish. I also bought the smaller size for my son and he was very happy with them as well. Good product for the money.
I love these goggles, you can't beat the price.
I bought these for my snowboarding  adventures and I love them. I have use them on sunny days, snow days, and overcast days. I have a smaller face and they fit perfect. My has been more than one day and he ended up ordering a pair
Very nice product, beautiful but somewhat small for me....The down side is that despite taking really care, the lens scratched a bit.... Apparently scratches easily...
Exactly as described, no complaints as they fulfilled their purpose! Great buy!
Cool and comfortable goggles!
Worked great on the slopes.  I skied for 5-6 hours and they only fogged up one time.  easy to slip over the helmet, and stayed in place well.  The snow was very bright without the goggles but it was easy to see with them on.  im very pleased with these.
I got the Lagopus X2 all black version and went up to Tahoe with them in March. I really loved them, especially on the sunnier days. Really good FoV and clarity. I really wanted to like then, but my only gripe is that they aren't very durable. I fell once and now have a massive scratch which is why I'm giving them just 3 stars instead of 5.
These goggles are great! I've bought a cheap pair of Bolle goggles for $18, and they were alright but not very stylish. I've also bought $200 Smith goggles, and they were the same quality as these. These look great, feel great (nice foam around the face), and are a reasonable price. Definitely would buy again!
For the price I give it 5 stars. Goggles didn't fog up on me hardly at all, the lens color was pretty much right in the middle so good for bright sunny days and good for snowy overcast days.  Plus they look cool.. looks like a pair 2 or 3 times as much.
Beware scratching the lenses, which leaves scratches in your eyesight. I would imagine after time, just from normal use, you could probably wear a hole through the tint.Con: the clasp for the straps is so fragile. I received one pair with a broken clasp and had to send back. Seems like the weak link in the design. Overall, though, keeps out fog pretty well and looks great
These goggles fit great and look nice, but we could not keep them from fogging up.
I purchased these as a gift for my wife. She says she looks like a bug, but a cute one at that. They are really nice, they fit over her glasses for outdoor sports and winter bike riding. She doesn't wear contacts so it is very helpful so she can see. Great buy!
Very nice
Looks great and is comfortable however upon first day of use, it got scratched by my jacket  while attached to my helmet. I would have expected a little more durability.
I bought this for my husband. Looks OK for me but have no chance to use it yet. Will update how it works after at least one run in the mountains. The only complain currently is, there is no hard case with the goggle. I think this goggle should include a nice hard case for better protection when I placed the order, but not in the package at all.
Ty can't wait to wear it
One hard fall and the inside lens cracked. Before that they looked nice and felt good...
These were OK, but I melted the lens on my dashboard heater trying to dry them on the way home from my first use. Don't do that and you'll be fine. My heater isn't any hotter than any other car, so it was a surprise to me that it occurred, just be aware.
For the price I was blown away..
Well I thought I was getting goggles which had a magnetic clip release but rather I got the ones which are much more difficult to remove. It?? dissapointing that online advertisement wasn?? clear about that. The fact is if I knew this I wouldn?? have bought them.
Wore these all season long, and they never fogged up. They're comfortable to wear all day. I like the idea of being able to swap the lenses out to change the look also. They perform better than my old $200+ goggles.
Fogged up immediately! I bought cheap sunglasses instead at the resort gift shop. While i was at the top of the mountain i tried everything to get them to work without wiping them as the instructions say, including adding venting, but ultimately they just sucked. I cant return them as adding venting violated condition for return, but I was desperate and it was very bright that day. I would never buy this again, very disappointing as i had another pair that worked fine and i got complements on their look.
Got these for my teenage son and he loves them!  They are light, cool looking, and the visibility out of them is great.  The best part is they don't cost $250 like similar Oakley's (which are way way over priced!).
Worked perfectly well. In addition, quick delivery - can recommend these ones for OTG.
It all fit well, liked the look of if
Very sleek, love the all black
At first I thought these goggles were great especially for the price. But then the second time I went riding they fogged up really badly and it wasn't on the inside or the outside, it was actually in between the double lens system so it could not be cleared by wiping either side! Fogging between the lenses is a deal-breaker, I'd return these except on two days past my Amazon return window. I hope the seller can make this right with me and replace them. I will edit this review if they do.
These are great goggles for the price. No problems with fogging up and they are very comfortable! They also look really cool on too!
Got these and had an issue with my pair and the Zionor customer service was amazing with replacing them!
Did not like the fact that I couldn?? return the item there was no return code to send item back.
I moved to Kotzebue Alaska, these goggles are cute...but I actually need eye protection here. And they just fog up no matter how I put them on. They scratch easily too.
good price for what you get
I like the comfort of the product.
Must be meant for youth. Definitely won't fit over glasses as advertised. Barley fits a small womans face. Not even close to fitting over adult glasses.
Never fogged up, comfortable and durable!
The goggles are listed as over glasses but I question that! I wear small frame glasses and they didn?? fit well. Other than that the quality looks good and the strap fits over the helmet I wear.
Fitted well never fogged up even when my glasses did. They fitted over my half frame glasses perfectly. Only skied in sunny weather so they were not too dark. The polarizing is a great feature on sunny days.
littler brother loved part of his birthday present. looks great still no word on how good it works in the field.
Works very well, great look."Anti-Fog" - while it doesn't make it 100% clear 100% of the time, it does well in that area; NOT perfect though, but still works good.
Sleek look. Work well. Highly recommend!
Great optics and clips on the frame side make it very easy to use the cover-sleeve while still attached to your helmet.The fit is a bit snug on the sides.  Best for a medium sized head.
Great buy for the $$
I was super excited to wear these snowboarding but was extremely disappointed when they just kept fogging up. I kept having to dry them and ended up not wearing them at all.
Cool goggles. Held up in massive snow fall
Worked very well on my 2 trips this year. No fogging problems. They are a little large though so rough finding a good fit with a helmet.
Haven?? boarded in them yet, but quality appears to be good.  Service from seller was great - prompt, no issues, etc.
Seems like a lovely product, but won't actually fit over my glasses like my older Scott goggles do (I wear size XL hats; maybe that's got something to do with it).
great ski goggles, especially if you need OTG
Super bad ass! Bought for my brother who is a chronic snowboarder. They don't fog up and they really help with the son, he bought an extra pair for his gf!
LOVE these! great for the sun. I would stay away from the mirror lens if you are riding in darker weather. For sun its amazing and I never had problems with it.
Thsee blue goggles are a little more purple than blue, so if you don't mind the mix of the two colors than you'll love this product. If you just want pure blue, I wouldn't buy this color.
Very nice... Fits well,  well ventilated, had to wipe snow from the lens a few times and the lens is still crystal clear, not a smug on it.  The strap is very well made.... I don't think it will go slack any time soon.
My lens  arrived scratched. I sent an email to the company but i doubt they will get back to me because it bounced back saying their email is full. I'm assuming that means i'm now stuck with goggles with multiple scratches on the lens and 35 dollars poorer. If for some reason they get back to me with a refund or a replacement i'm happy to change my review because they seem like fine goggles for this price point. I doubt that will happen though.
These have a really good range of visiona nd do not fog, however negatives as they are so curved that the part that you view out of can scratch very easily so you have to take great care to get the cover back on when not in use.
Wore these on a bright day at Breckenridge and a snowy windy day and they worked great!  Got lots of compliments on the cool style as well.
Vision is completely distorted.  I didn't realize it until after the return window closed.  Completely useless.
Wore these out skiing ONCE - I did not have them strapped tightly at all and the plastic that holds the band in place to the goggles snapped.  They were otherwise fine, didn't fog and were comfortable.  At least I was able to return for a full refund as I hadn't even had them 30 days yet.
Purchased as a gift.  Arrived quickly. No issues.
My son loves these.
We bought the googles for snowmobiling. They we perfect. They didn?? fog up, and the clarity was as described.
Looks good for the price
Awesome goggles, they look sick. I haven't gotten a chance to try them outside but I have no doubt that they will work. For $50 you can't beat it, I was gonna buy a pair of Oakley's for $200, but this is just as good.
Lens quality is not very good; there is glare / feedback in the sun.  It's not obvious at all how to change the lenses (turn the little tabs on each side of the lens, then pop out the rubber nubs inside the frame), and there are no instructions.  I don't wear a helmet, and the buckle on the strap is really uncomfortable even with a hat underneath.  Also, they need to actually describe the lens colours instead of just showing the exterior.  Overall, went out on a limb here based on positive reviews and wasn't expecting top-notch, but I wouldn't buy these again.
very confy
Great fit.
Love my goggles for snowboarding! I've gotten so many compliments on it too
Looks great and feels great
Perfect for a sunny day!
Love these. Fit great
Good crisp goggles.  Quite large size.
I ordered these goggles because I didn't want people to see my eyes when I snowboard. They have a mirror effect and are comfortable to wear all day. They also do not fog! Great product!
LOVE these!  They look very cool and they work great.  Never had any issues with the lens fogging up. A must buy for your next trip on the slopes! I have a small face too and they fit perfectly.
If you are buying these in a pinch for some reason (for kid, or because you misplaced yours) these are ideal. Great price for what you get.On the other hand if you are serious about getting into winter sport you should step up just a bit and get a better lens.
Goggles look great as seen in every other review. I really looked forward to this product as all other reviews seemed to rave about this product. These were supposed to replace my old "upscale" goggles. When i received the product, color and description were accurate. However, one review stated that they had problems with the fog...I did as well. Usually if they fog after maybe a few hours. My goggles fogged up before I even got onto the first run...after that, it fogged up a few more times...I thought these were anti-fog. My friend had a pair of Electrics that never fogged the entire trip.
Love it a lot
they are very usesful on the mountain and no one has the same goggles. They do everything that they say they do. I'm going to snowboard camp up on Mt. Hood Oregon and I think they will help a lot.
very clear
First off, I would like to say they look cool and that's why I bought them. After using them once, I found them to not be a good product at all. The band kept loosing up which caused my snow to get into the inside of my goggles. The inside smeared easily with water and after trying to wipe the lens with a soft clothes it became worse. I literally couldn't see going down the hill. After getting to the base I cleaned the inside and I found scratches all over the lens. Apparently the lens is so fragile you cant even wipe it without damaging it. I tried to return it but just saw that I was passed the deadline. I might just send it back anyways because I don't have use for them. Id go with high brand name. these goggles ruined a day of snowboarding
Kept fogging up...
Didn?? fog! Crisp view!
lens was ok.  cushioning over bridge of nose sorely lacking.  very uncomfortable on the bridge of the nose.
Translate review to English
Will get again
Nice
worth it!
Bought this goggle for the younger boy cause he likes green, turns out he likes it.
Pros: do not fog up on wet days, super comfortable, great look.Cons: terrible off-gassing; I had to hang them outdoors for five days before I could use them. After that, they were fine. If they fixed this problem, I would give them five stars.
My son was thrilled with these cool looking eyewear. Full coverage too.
fit great!!!!!
Very cool glasses! I love the color and style. One thing that does bother me a little is that it gets foggy inside after a while. But I guess most glasses do the the same. Overall I'd recommend it.
Used every day, no fog / great eye and face protection in sub-zero wind chills. Planning to get another pair soon.
real nice like them very much
Great goggles. Best for sunnier days. It made visibility more difficult on a snowy day, but gave my face great coverage.
after owning a few months I?? sad to say these are cheap for a reason.  Goggles fog heavily and can no longer be cleaned on inside.  Head strap is no longer comfortable. I regret my purchase
Na
Great fit, didn?? fog up and didn?? get sunburn, received complements on these goggles.
Supposedly fogless, they fogged the whole time.
Shipped fast , great color and quality, we tried them out at the slopes this last weekend and they were awesome!
For the price you won?? get better quality. Looks great and surprisingly better than some of the big name brands.
I ordered the polarized blue goggles.I used them in Lake Tahoe.  They look dope!Real polarized lens, worked as well as my rayban glassesThey never fogged up
N/A
Worked amazing
N/a
Great ski Google, didn't fog up and they look awesome, however they scratch easily so be careful!
the rubbery texture on the strap makes it hard to adjust, and they dont fit easily over glasses.
Nephew loved them for Christmas! He went skiing in Colorado!!
These goggles did not fit any adult in my house. My regular glasses were also 5.5 inches and still did not fit. What a scam.
Awesome!!!
for 50$, I'm appalled on how high quality these are. super cool, and they have their own cute little sleeve to protect from scratches inside your bag!
Great googles for the $, only complaint is they hurt your nose after a long day on the slopes. Overall I recommend!
Overall goggles were comfortable and met expectations, but the outer coating scratches easily. Will likely only get a couple of seasons use before I have to replace lens.
Very nice I am very excited to use them, but I'd prefer if they came in a sturdier package
Work great. Easy to swap lenses. Very clear and never had a problem with fog, even after placing on my forehead. Strongly recommend! Best bang for the buck!
Worked well. Didn?? fog up. Would like some extra lenses included to go between low light and sun
Worth every cent, no problems in sun or flat lite
Product came in faster than expected.  Goggles are very comfortable.
Exaclty what I expected, great fit and gives you better peripheral vision than the older models.
Love these goggles,  did not once get foggy
Translate review to English
Having issues with the lenses fogging and freezing in blowing snow. Also side note, do not wipe away condensation on the inside of the goggles, it will smudge the anti-fog coating.
Super cute and affordable. My daughters ski almost every weekend and they love them. Bought several diff lenses.
I love these goggles! Great visibility, and I love that other people can see their reflection in them. A bit bulky but worked well with my helmet since it has a lip. Definitely recommend!
Surprised by the good quality vs the price. Used since 3 days on the slope
Bought these for my son, he loves them and appreciates the choices of lens that can be used  for the different degrees of sunshine.
i searched a lot and i like what i picked!
So far I am liking the goggles. Nice fit.
Although these goggles aren't the highest quality goggles I have worn, I do love the style and the design concept. They have great padding, but a flimsy frame. And the lens is truly polarized.
Great gogglesFit over glasses easily
Nice fit over my head with glass. My glass can be well-fixed inside, without excessive movement. Comfortable overall.
Love the goggles, but wish that the model had a yellow lens avaliable
Very good visibility, very delicate viewfinder, it scratches easily
Quite nicely made and seem to work well.Edited:  Blue tint got all scratched in just  couple days and barely any wiping.  Not as durable as other glasses we have.  Lowering the rating.
Works as intended. I like the look. Comfortable. Fit over my glasses.
I bought these goggles for my boyfriend to snowboard with. They are super reflective and comfortable. He loves them though they are easy to scratch but that's to be expected.
my grandson loved these also
I ordered two pairs one white and one red got one black and one red not happy with the black but Big Ski opens on Thanksgiving so I have to keep them but won't get them next year
These are dope. I get a handful of compliments every time I wear them. Their very large, worked in all weather types. Didn't fog. Any say enough about them
Excellent set of goggles. Got to try them on a clear sunny day and a cloudy day with blowing snow. They were flawless in all conditions with no fogging and excellent visibility.
Decent goggles for the price. I thought I was getting a black band but it came as red. Work good though.
Love the google. They are very confortable and do not get foggy. Super. Love them
I look like a super dork in these, and that's exactly what I was going for.
Perfect fit and quick delivery. Didn't have any fog issue. Next time I will get the polarized lens, so I can see all the little mounds in the snow for skiing.
My son loves these. It's been a great choice for a great price deal.
Great fit and quality with travel bag
was a gift and it was very well received
They look amazing and I've had no issues.  (UPDATE)  These are great quality and I highly recommend great for riding!!!
They are pretty cool, but i'd love to have them slightly smaller.
Good
let the pictures tell you everything. Poor quality = cheap product = Made in China.
Pretty sweet goggles. Nice coverage on your face. First time they hit the ground they scuff though so be careful
Had an issue with a defective pair. Customer service was fast and very helpful! New goggles work great! Would definitely recommend these goggles.
Great Goggles, Just spend 8 days skiing every day in good and bad weather with no issues. I think this goggles are as good as $150 ones. BTW, they look cool.
First time i tried to use them while it was snowing, and almost immediately fogged up and i could barely see. The whole reason to buy high light transmissivity goggles and couldn't use them. Gave up and started using the ones i use for bright sunny days. Unfortunately can't send back because I guess I missed the window.
It's not bad for the price but the banner "Be Nice" gotta go. I prefer a logo or nothing.
Good value and this lens works great for sunny days.  Goggles fit well with my Smith helmet as well.
perfect they look expensive too
good
Livi loves these goggles I bought for her. "The goggles are amazing."
I wore this in about 20 degree F.  For the most part it was good. Then it started to fog up on me and condensation built up inside my lens. With the cold, the moister froze and iced over inside the goggles. . What's worst is that when I got home there were noticeable scratches inside of the lens which makes seeing through them difficult and obstructive.
Great goggles for an awesome price if you're looking for mirrored lenses. They're pretty big so you can see very well in them.
Bought for my so . He likes them.
Noticeably lower quality then a name-brand pair but they get the job done if you just need something to keep the sun/snow out of you eyes for cheap.
Not wide enough for my head, squished my nose
Worked well, fit comfortably and price was right too. I was able to squeeze my glasses under it on days when I didn't out contacts on.
look awesome, they did got some  fog in it
Look great, feel great, great price.
Great goggles for any day. Light enough to be used on cloudy days but had no complaints in full sun either. No fog. And they look great!
These function very well.No complaints after 35 days in the Colorado Rocky Mountains.My friends seem to like them.  I like them too.
Fogged up the first time using them
look wonderful, great quality! 100% recommended
Best goggles I've ever had!!!
OTG yes, anti-fog not so good
My son received these as a Christmas gift from me.  He chose the polarized ones and LOVED them
really nice goggles. ive used them on the mountain about 10 times now
My daughter loves these goggles. They field of vision area is great. They have not fogged up on her at all and she is very happy with them.
Excellent goggles.  Comfortable with great viewing angles.
Durable and comfortable
Great! Wish they didn't fog up though
thanks
Worked good in wet nasty conditions.
Worked amazing for the money, a little flimsy but I love them, just hade to add a little anti fog after a day or 2
Great googles for the price
Awesome pair of goggles doesn't hurt my head, nose etc. Have worn them with a helmet and still no issues, highly recommended and fairly priced.
Great on sunny Colorado days!
My cousins at the back all wore goggles that's $150-200. Mine is $60 and it looks just as good :D!
Love these goggles! We're great in shade and sun, no fogging up and got a ton of compliments on how great they looked!!
Used for about a week in Park City, Utah and by the end of the trip they were very scratched.
Awesome goggles, they look exactly like the advertised pictures and they have been sturdy and useful in all lighting conditions I've been in.
Great!  They do really well in foggy conditions.  I wish I'd bought the extra lens at the time I purchased the goggles.
Translate review to English
I ordered the black frames with the silver lens, which in the picture appears to be true silver/mirror reflective.  As you can see from the picture I uploaded, what I received had just dark lenses...completely different from the product pictured.  I checked the tag that I wasn't sent the wrong item by mistake and it says silver on it, so I guess they're just providing inaccurate pictures of their products.  I'm returning.
I love the color and I felt great when I wear it in the snow
These goggles were of the most impressive, it quality was very nice and it was very comfortable. The only things they could've done better was make the goggle strap look nicer.
Perfect OTG Goggles
These goggles are awesome!! They look very similar to this picture. The anit-fog works great!!! =) They also adjust well and fit great
Great goggles! My son loves them and he let me try them.  I will be buying a set for myself.  Thanks.
Very large deffently not for wearing with an helmet
The design is cool, however they got foggy almost immediately on the 2nd day skiing in Colorado. Thankfully I brought a second pair of another brand because I couldn?? see anything with these on! Such a shame
Bought this for my husband. He loves it! Great quality.  Fits him perfectly.  He is 6'3".
I love these goggles, look fantastic and work great. I wrote them in cloudy days with the orange lense and had no vision problems what so ever. Worth the money.
Great quality and design!
Disgusting. You can tell these were already returned. There were scratches on lens and thats not the worst part. Human hair and pet hair on the pads that touch your face. With covid 19 going on this is disgusting.
very good looking goggle. I cant wait for the ski season!!
Great goggle. Took it snowboard. Performed flawlessly. No foggings. Fits over my prescription glasses with ease. No obstructing views at all.
not as big as I thought they'd be and they fog here and there...
Absolutely love these!
Go hit the freshie pow pow with these!
Loved these goggles, great and love the style.
Good product.  Fast shipping.
great product.  worked well in all temps.
These are absolutely great goggles! Fit great. Fit over my glasses. Easy to change lense. No fogging.Light. Can't beat that price!
love it
Quality is suspiciously poor.  Style looks good but doesn't fit comfortably.  Good thing is they honor return right away.
Great goggles
Loved these especially for the price.  Fits very comfortably on your face.
Love these!  They look fabulous. They fit perfectly and they were a great deal. The anti-glare, and anti-fog is awesome.
Purchased for a ski trip in Feb. I have goggles but thought I?? upgrade. I ended up wearing my sunglasses the whole day with these strapped to my helmet or around my neck! They're terrible to see out of on the slopes. Everything was jaded or off, hard to describe. They fogged up quickly and are overall really big around the face.
Fog and ice up extremely easy. Foam against face is way too thick. Lens, inside and out scratched way too easy. They are super cheap so it was expected that they weren?? going to be the best, but they were worse than the price.  Just spend more money on a better product instead of wasting tour money on these.
Good color.
I wouldn?? buy this. The first set the rubber frames ripped and they sent back new ones. After this season the rubber frames ripped again. Spend the extra money on better goggles
It looks cool from outside.
Looks super cool! Don't like the obnoxious lettering on the straps however.
I have had these goggles for a couple years. My new eye glasses do not fit in them and once they get foggy or any condensation happens the spots dry they suck. There is no way to clear the spots.
Lenses will Scuff very easily. Mine had a blemish before even using on the slopes
Great product for a great price
Performed as expected at -10 degree Celsius.
good product
Translate review to English
Good for the price. They fog up like CRAZY
Normally I like everything that I get in the quality has been up to standard by all means. I did not even receive these goggles. My poorest transaction with Amazon by far.
It's purple
These goggles fit well but after wearing them once in icy conditions and using the glove squeegee they scratched immediately.  All I want are replacement lenses and cant because it has been a little over 30days sense they were bought. I had high hopes for these but was pretty let down with there durability.
No instructions came with the goggles on how to change the lens.  I spent one hour on the Internet trying to figure out how to do it.  I give up.  very disappointed with this product and I am going to return them along with the replacement lens that I purchased with the goggles,.
Son loved these and gets lots of compliments while on the slopes
Wore these on a two day ski trip. No problems at all with fogging. I loved the clear view!
it's sensitive to scratches and you need to be extra careful with these goggles, but I love them
too big for my head. 5'2", 145 lbs. big head, lotta hair, but petite.
Grate product
wore these all last season and they were great, can't wait to get back out in the powder with these.
Works great. Great value as well
Bought these about a year ago because of the good looks, and cheap price compared to name brand goggles.  I was hesitent to buy these because of the cheap price, for good reason.  While using them moisture gets between the two lenses.  As it is between the two lenses you can not whip it off, and if it is really cold it will freeze.  I am very disappointed in this product.
Junk. They kept fogging up on me. Only used 2 days snowboarding in Colorado. I had to keep stopping just to wipe the fog away. Will not buy again.
Awesome comfortable, no fog goggles.  Only complaint is that the lens scratched fairly easily.
Just took these to Squaw Valley. Frkn awesome. Worked great, never fogged up or anything. Comfortable too
Very very bad product. As soon as I took it out it felt very cheap and flimsy. I took it out on the mountain and it immediately fogged up. I flew down the mountain with no sight and ran into a skier because of it. DO NOT BUY
My husband loves this ! I got this sameday delivery with prime . I am so glad !
little scratch in the middle of the lens. I'd expect a new goggle to come without scratches. Otherwise good.
My husband liked it!
Grandson loves them! He has worn them this winter season and thinks they are the best.
Item was as described.  Shipping was quick.  They were a gift and the recipient loved them.
My 14 year old son says these are the best, uses them snowboarding all the time
I own two different pairs of these goggles.  This replacement lens does not fit either.  Don't assume they do before you buy
excellent goggles, cant wait until winterrrrrr in 2 months!
Very good product!!
Nice Google lens.
Love theses.  No fog and quality lenses.  Pop out easily with magnet to swap lenses
These are unbeatable for the price. The lens is very fog resistant and they are super comfortable.
This helps me to enjoy the season!
Scratches and smudges super easily
Got 3 pairs of these goggles. For the price amazing quality!
This is a useless goggle. I literally couldn't use it foe one minute as it started to fog the moment i wore it
Just went skiing with them and they were amazing, even if my skills were not
Spend the extra money on some Scotts or Oakleys
Love them!
Used for snowmobiling one day and the did a good job. Snowboarding the next not so much.  They froze up and I couldn't see. Not very good when you're halfway down the mountain.  Spend a little more and get something that will last you longer.
Won't fit over prescription glasses, thought they were larger.
They are really clear and they rarely ever fog up. Overall I am satisfied with them.
Writing on band is "Be Nice", would have been nice to know B4 purchase, lens works great
These arrived quickly and are awesome. Great Christmas gift !
Nice goggles, they do not fog up, and they are very good for shielding your eyes from ultraviolet rays.
Wife loves them!
Great fit, really good fog prevention, removable lense...and a good price to boot. (thumbs up)
Great for visibility and they are very comfortable.
scratches very easy and fogs up as well
I've used these goggles four times now at Breck, Keystone and Vail and when not in use I keep them in the protective cloth cover. Each time I use them I find a new scratch on the lens. During a particularly heavy snow day they completely fogged up, then froze. I had to take them off to get down the mountain. I've switched back to my old pair.
So happy with my Zionor ski goggles.  Fantastic quality at a great price.
Excellent, just what I expected and wanted. Very satisfied.
Loved it!
Amazing goggles
Stellar goggles!
Love the look.  Comfortable fit.  I rock em in the sun.
18.4% blue lensesFacing head on these goggles are 50/50 blue/pink and at an angle you can see they??e almost all pink.  Also not friendly on glasses as my frame width is about 5 1/2??  Returning and already have another brand on the way
Fogged up in between lenses!! Could not even wipe it off
Great Value, all googles essentially do the same things
Unfortunately, the lens I?? received was not anti-fog. I had no visibility on the summit with the cold air.
Only lasted for one season. Water started getting inside the space between the lens.
Great goggles. Worth way more than they cost! Didn't fog up one after ten hours on the mountain!??
great product, rarely fog!! definitely worth it
so far so good! they dont fog
Best goggles for the price! Didnt fog up once, great visibility, and very comfy.
Complete waste of $$ when you cannot see out of them, they let in so much moisture that it froze & I couldn't even clear them out. I actually brought the storage bag (IFU states that it for lense cleaning) with me & even that wouldn't clear them up. Utter waste of $$ - guess I should have known better with the price.
Just returned from Breck. 13 degrees for the high. No fogging, fit great. Awesome.
Fog free in any weather. no need to waste hundreds for nice goggles
These goggles fogged up and then the lens froze up. We couldn't see out of them!
Love it
What a great pair of goggles, fantastically functional at a great price
Love these, worked great when snowboarding.
comfortable, aesthetic, efficient, reasonable pricerecommend this product
I have had Oakley goggles for many years.  Thought I would try a new brand, and couldnt beat the price.  I have used the goggles 3 times now and they are scratched, and starting to fade and look terrible.  Also, they vent horribly, so on a cold day all you see is fog.  Would not recommend this item at all.
my bf likes it
Son loves his.
So happy with mine look just like the pic and shipped fast
PERCECT!! FINALLY NO FOGGED GOGGLES
Excellent  goggles look great
Good quality for the price
They were great with a good field of view
The outer reflective film scratched off too easily it seemed.
Description said these goggles went over glasses.  I have three family members that where glasses - they did not go over any of them.
love it. But still did not use. hope I`ll be satisfied.
Excellent product for the price.
Work great.
Maybe the coating on my lenses wasn't baked on all the way? It practically blew off.
Looks very cool and all my friends love it!
Exactly as described.
Does the job to protect my eyes while skiing
Great quality for the price
Fogs often while snowboarding.
Cost performance is good!
Great !
Great fit. Beautiful blue color lens. No problems.
sweet
I love these goggles. They work and look great.
Does exactly what I want. Minimal fogging.
Awesome goggles!! They look great on the mountain
Worked great in all conditions
The description is a little deceiving. These definitely do fog, and they are not truly mirrored. Your eyes can be seen through these. They also have a yellow tint.
Nice product.I recommend it
my son really likes his goggles
Got these for my husband and he loved them!!
Love them!
Comfortable and can be worn over glasses
Love them!
If there is a seal at all on these goggles it isn't very good. I keep all my equipment in a heated garage after snowboarding and take really good care of my goggles but these are always full of condensation between the lenses for a few days after using them.
Sick goggles. Only wish the "be nice" band was shown in pics
Great
Adversized for glass fit but way too small. Lens also come in a bit scratched.
Thank you
Did not come with instructions on how to change the lenses. The website doesn't give illustrations. I'm afraid I am going to break the lenses, trying to remove them to change out tge lenses.
very nice product. love the mirror lens
real nice, look and work great good buy.
I used these goggles once and the mirror finish on the outside of the lens has already begun to wear away. They were great goggles otherwise though, maybe I got a lemon...
Amazing for my Ski Trip
Great product all around
Good price for quality products.
No complaints at all.
Excellent in bright snowy slopes
really great but too large
Good
Bad finishing
10/10 good perfect fit fancy
awesome for the price
They  work very well.
it looks and feels great
Pretty big on your face.
Very useful when snowboarding.
Great product... Used goggles for skiing in Utah...
Good goggles
Looks great and works great.
Amazing. Very admired.by.friends.and acquaintances
Item arrived on time and great quality! Love them!
Nice pair of goggles
My son loves his goggles!
These are great!
Excellent we're ordering them again!!
Excellent ski goggles
Love 'em!
Good product. Great price!
Looks great. Defogs decently. Very very hard to see contrasts in the snow
They should be wider.
Fantastic value
Son loved
Great business A++++++
Perfect and comfortable.
great
Percent
Awesome googles!
Loved these!
OVERALL: 8/10I was originally not sure about buying off-brand goggles like these, but the quality is great and you cannot tell the difference between these and a far more expensive and very similar pair of Electric EG2s (except if you buy polarized lenses). Some new brand-name companies like Deft Optics, Aura Optics, and Glade Goggles are selling these exact (and I mean exact, same manufacturer) goggles rebranded for more $. If you think it's risky to buy these non-brand name gogs, have no fear, they're just as good as anything else.These goggles have performed awesome in my 6 days of use so far- I bought the black frame with silver/black mirror lens.Qualities:MATERIALS/CONSTRUCTION QUALITY: 8/10. Frame and lens look and feel high quality. Goggle strap is made of quality materials but has an overly simple design using just 2 large triglide buckles (look them up, you'll see what I'm talking about) for adjustment, so the google strap is double thick on the back of your head. I find that I have to slightly readjust the google strap one per ski day to keep the fir tight, but that is only because I constantly pull the goggles up and down over my face. The google strap does not have a silicon grip strip, so it does not stay in place as well as more expensive goggles, but it had not been a problem for me.DURABILITY: 9/10, only one lens scratch after many hard face plants in the park. My last pair of expensive high end VonZipper goggles also had a silver/black mirror lens, but they got scratched up as hell super fast. Not the case here, very happy with the coating.CLARITY: 6.5/10. *Disclaimer: I like very clear vision when I ski, and no pair of goggles I've ever had, including name-brand ones ones rated highly for clarity, have felt clear enough to me. Keep this in mind when reading.* This is where you get what you pay for a bit, but overall the clarity is good and the googles are fully usable. From the inside, the goggles make everything look an brown-orange amber until your vision adjusts, which I like better than other shades since it's warm. For me, the lens's 17% VLT is fairly versatile, but my ideal VLT would be around 35% but I knew that going in. For ripping trails, I can use these goggles in 80% of lights. When it's super bright out, they're perfect as long as you don't look directly into the sun. When its dark or overcast but shadowy, they work fine for me, I can see bumps, slush, etc. in the snow clearly. When light is that super flat, impossible to tell typa way, I just ski slower so that I don't have to use the goggles; I usually put them up on my head. I ski mostly park, and when I go to hit a feature I often put them up, as I do with all goggles. I ski very fast on trails and in the trees, and I can always tell what's in front of me.*Important* These lenses are NOT polarized, so when you look directly at the sun, it makes it very hard to see, your whole field of vision gets white and blurry. But that is ONLY if you are focusing directly on the sun-- even if it's shining straight in your face, if you are not intentionally looking at it you're fine.Comes in bubble-wrapped envelope with goggle bag for storage and cleaning and nothing else. Don't worry about them getting damaged from not being in a boy, they're very flexible and scratch-resistant.OVERALL: 8/10 Best quality goggle for the money I've found. If you want to spend less than 65 bucks on new goggles, these are your best bet.I've really nitpicked negative things, overall I have no real single problem with them and I'm very happy with my purchase.
Fabulous goggles.....just what he wanted!!!
bad quality
Great glasses
Love them!
Good
Great lens!
Tubular goggles man
Great goggles - great price!
Good product no issues
Looks and Fits great!
Due to multiple eye surgeries, my eyes are sensitive to cold. I bought these to keep my eyes warm while xcountry skiing. It works well for that, but I found if I wear my glasses underneath, my glasses fog up. Even without my glasses they fog up a bit. I would say that xcountry skiing presents different challenges for goggles than downhill skiing. They might be better for that.
Good product
the goggles look clearly worn :(
Goggles came cracked. The best part was amazons return capabilities
Easy to use, don?? scratch or fog. Numerous style options.
FOGGED ON THE FIRST USE CAUSED ME TO CRASHGood fit
Noticed as soon as I opened the package there is a minor scratch on left lens.
Very nice goggle for $30-$40. I bought a pair when I was in a pinch. Decent quality and if you enjoy skiing or snowboarding a few times a year these are great. If you are an avid rider I would spend the money on a more quality product.
Goggles were not mirrored at all just see through black.
Fogged up way bad when I used them they sucked bad
UPDATED REVIEWThe Zionor company honored the warranty after I emailed them, sent me a BRAND NEW pair of goggles for Free. Took about two weeks for the whole process.I'm glad I have another set of goggles to test out next season. Here's to hoping it was a manufacturer defect and these will stand the test of time and moderate use.THANKS ZIONOR!!ORIGINAL REVIEW"My girlfriend bought these for me last February. I wore them twice since buying them.12 hours snowboarding, no bad falls, well taken care of, properly stored; and they break from where the strap connects to the plastic lens housing.They broke while they were on my head, loosely tightened, in 50 degree weather.I wore them for a total of 12 hours before they broke.Paint is already chipping off the plastic housing for the lens.These goggles look great, and the company says they come with a warranty.I am contacting them with hopes of resolving the manufacturer product defect.I will update my rating and review based off of how they handle the situation.For now, I wouldn't invest your money into these cheaply made goggles."
Very misleading on lens color double check before u order
Scratched on lens
Lousy
So reallyy bad this item .
They were a Christmas present for my granddaughter.  She liked them.
Very nice looking goggles, but were too small for my face.
Hard to get on camera but the mirror just wipes off and they fog up worse than any other goggles I've ever owned
Very comfortable. Fits over my glasses really well. Great for the price.
To small to fit over rx glasses
Great cost effective glasses
The google was delivered as expected. The vision coverage is wide, but one has to move the head down in order to view beneath. Fog will form immediately if you put up the google on the forehead. Think it is unavoidable.
Haven't used them in the snow yet.  Looking forward to it!
good vision and it does last for awhile, but mine got scratched easily
I wore these goggles for a week straight in Vermont and they were perfect! loved the lens, fit perfectly and got a lot of positive comments. I wore them again when I went on a ski trip to Mont Tremblant, Canada and out of no where they got destroyed! the lens easily gets scratched and after I skied under one snow blower that blew ice on my goggles, the reflectiveness of the goggles rubbed off. As the ice melted away and got rubbed off, so did the cool reflective mirror lens. It is now completely destroyed and i am utterly disappointed especially since these are goggles priced in the 50s and claim they used to be close to $200 worth.
Cool down hill skiing goggles
I have high light, mid light and low light lenses for these and all work well.  For the price these goggles work well.  I use these in UT.  These goggles let more wind in through the vent mesh than my last pair of SPY goggles, it is their only drawback.
I think this is a you get what you pay for - yes these will keep snow out of your eye, but the optical qualities of their lens is vastly inferior.Additionally the actual Field Of View (FOV) is much smaller than a set from Oakley.  I know huge price difference, but  the difference is huge.  I was gifted a set of Oakley's at the same time I had purchased these and just got back from the slopes.  I had a couple of days with low light and one with bright light.  The Oakley set I had two lens with it and the Zionor I had to purchase a second lens. ((VLT 12.8% Polarized Gold Lens)Besides the larger FOV, the difference was really surprising to me. Even with the lightly tinted lenses of the Oakley brand, it did better in the low light AND bright light conditions than either the base lens Or the polarized lens of the Zionor.In specific to the (VLT 12.8% Polarized Gold Lens)  - gives a really BAD double reflection inside the lens even in the slightest shadows making it tough to see.  The polarization on the lens itself (at least on mine) seemed to be in the wrong direction.  It was oriented such that polarization was in the horizontal rather than vertical direction, meaning you have to tilt your head almost 45 degrees to really cut down on the slope glare.  If I had still been in the return window, these would have gone back!I'm really grateful, I received the Oakley pair as a present, but having the two side by side, I would gladly have forked over the extra money for a product with higher optical quality.  If you're going to trash your goggles and get rid of them after a season, sure get the Zionor, but if you're going to be moderately careful, then spend the cash and go for Oakley or other brand that gets a larger FOV and quality optics.
Goggles worked great.  No fogging, crystal clear and reduced all of the glare while snowboarding.  I would recommend these.  They were comfortable when wearing them for 6 hr a day for 2 days.
These goggles are prime. I got them on the cyber Monday sale and they were a steal. I absolutely love them for snowboarding. They don't fog unless you breath straight into them. Its a super wide view and the lens that came with it were very neutral so I don't change it for different snow conditions. The band is tight and to adjust them is a little tedious because you have to adjust two different tabs, however this definitely keeps it from loosening so I don't mind it. The strap also has the Logo on the inside as rubber to provide grip to stay on which is really nice since I wear a helmet so they don't slide off.I highly recommend them as an intermediate Snowboarder myself and I don't see myself need any other goggles any time soon.
This was by far the best pair of goggles I have used in my life. Not only do they look amazing but the huge lens allowed a much larger viewing radius then the previous goggles I used, oh and those huge lenses are magnetic and can be changed between multiple lenses in seconds. Everyone who I showed this too asked, "Would they fall off if you crashed?" I tried multiple things (Including taking a few tumbles) and the lens would not come off on the slope. In addition to this, the lens would not fog, i even tried. The farthest I could get them to fog was about the bottom cm, not once could I get them to fog up. Not only is this the pair of goggles with the biggest viewing radius ive used, but they are also the clearest, best looking and nicest goggles ive used. Contact me at tkonrath06@gmail.com for questions about them.
Excellent googles!!  Very comfortable, do not fog up and the lens quality is first rate. Don?? waste tons of money on some Oakley?? or Smith??. These are the only way to go!
These goggles are amazing.  We live in Utah where the weather really changes throughout the day.  It will go from dark as night to blazing sun, haze, and then start snowing, all before noon.  These goggles are great in any and all conditions. They don't fog up, they are comfortable on your face, and make snowboarding so much more enjoyable.  (Plus the looks and compliments people give you are great too.) I also love that you can switch out the lens. My husband and I will trade lenses from time to time, and we have a few spares we like to mix it up with also. These really are attention grabbing goggles. Buy them!  You won't regret it.
These are sweet!!! Definitely wide and I feel it gives more vision than other goggles. The amount of light let in is perfect and I would go with these goggles.
Great product, very happy with it. Just one grouse that it does not come in a box to protect the glasses :-/
I absolutely loved these goggles. The color looks exactly like the photo and they work amazingly. They are worth the price and definitely better than high priced ones or name brand ones. On the slopes (Colorado) I see a lot of people wearing them so that confirms my review that they are a good brand to go with. They also come with a carrying bag which is helpful when traveling. Mine only seemed to fog up when I would pull them onto my helmet but it was an easy fix.
Love them
These goggles are great...especially for the price! My glasses were to big to wear under them, but I they are very clear and I had no problems seeing. They never fogged up on me!
The Zionor snow goggles are fantastic! They feel super comfortable to the face and the visuals are clear. The elastic band is also super comfortable and easy to adjust. Only tiny set back is the fog it develops inside the goggles, but I'm sure I can add a layer of anti-fog ointment to the inside and they'll be fine. Great buy if you're looking for snowboard goggles. Worth the price.
These are amazing and ordered pair for my boyfriend.  He loves them!
Even prettier than in the photo. It's very comfortable! I loved it. At first, I thought it would be too big for my face, but it fits perfectly.
These goggles were pretty good for about two season but the vents have ripped and they fog more then ever.
For the price great! I could wear my glasses with these.
These are not as big as they look. If you wear a size large helmet, the field of vision will probably be too small for you. For the money, these are really nice. But they're no wear near as big as top of the line Electric's and Oakley's which provide a MUCH better field of vision. These would  be good for people with small faces and kids. That being said, if you're used to older style, small goggles these will be a step up for you. But if you've used any oversized goggles before (Smith I/O, Electric EG2, etc.), you will not like these. They do not compare.
I have only used these one day on the mountain. They have exceeded my expectations thusfar. I paired them with EK Cat Crap and I could breathe right into them with no fog. The lenses appear very clear and scratch resistant. I like how quickly I can switch them out if needed.
Great, especially for the price.
Comfortable and great visibility!
Loved the googles. It fit well and looked great. The lens was perfect and I could see well. I think the price/value was way better than the $300 googles that come from the name brand googles.
Like thees googles
not the best quality but for the price 3 star. fit is ok band seems to loosen too easy. lens seems to be ok so far not expecting it to last very long.
Fits over my medium sized wide frame glasses, bought for winter walking to work. and also for bike riding in colder weather.
Quality is excellent, they are extremely comfortable, and look awesome. Couldn't be happier with them.
This is awesome fits over my glasses perfectly even looks good with my motorcycle helmet, I will be in the market with a more night visible lens.
Much needed
My son I love these goggles, they work great.
Good goggles, came with small scratch on the inside and every time you wipe the inside it flakes the tint. Pretty cheap stuff.
Nice looking goggles but they do not I repeat do not fit over glasses
I had a pair of Zionor goggles and they only lasted one season. Mind you I am from Florida so it?? not like I?? using them every weekend. This season I took them on my trip and both sides where the band attaches to the frames broke. Completely non-repairable. I will not buy them again because I think they are made very cheaply.
I was a little disappointed when this arrived as it is a brand new item and the lens was scratched. The quality of these goggles are the reason I bought them and I waited longer to get the polarized ones and now I might not be able to use them properly, or at all. How might this problem be rectified?
I got these as a Christmas gift and the strap broke the very first time I put them on. Literally the first time I put them on. I think its probably hit and miss on the quality.
I received the lens only for my ski trip - too late to order a new pair.  It's not goggles, just the detachable lens.
Buyer BEWARE!!!....these goggles wont last!!!!...i was happy with these goggles right after purchas...then i found You can NOT touch the lens!!!!!...you cant even clean it!!!!...they have 3 trips on them and are now JUNK!!!!!!..you CANT touch the lens!!!!!...they will scratch!!!... 2 of us in our group bought these goggles and both of us have the same scratched up lenses...im now using my old goggles...."DONT buy these goggles, you are wasting you money"...jus saying!
I have an electric pedal assist ebike and now that the temps are getting low I needed goggles to protect my eyes from the damaging effects of cold air. These work great. They don't fog up. I also like they're actually affordable and that they're clear. I prefer the clear ones because I can see everything as I normally would if I didn't have them on. The probably with darker visors, even ones that aren't terribly dark, is that they always make it harder to see certain things.I also like wearing clear goggles because I feel like drivers are more like to be empathetic because they can actually see your eyes and there's just that connection. Whereas goggles where they can't see your eyes can hinder that connection. Drivers are just more likely to be nice if there's some kind of connection, which makes sense. The goggles that aren't clear also come off more of a "Chad-like" personality when you're a cyclist. It just gives off the wrong impression.
Work great, but not that fog resistant. Needed a good gig resistant coating then they were solid and super comfy. Nice n plush. Would recommend.
Great ski goggles at a great price. Perfect amount of blue tint for a sunny day and super stylish for the slopes!
Bought an "antifog" set of airsoft goggles, and they ended up fogging up. Bought these, and after running outside for 2 or so hours wearing these goggles in 88?F in direct sunlight with me sweating, they only slightly fogged up, but not enough to complain about. This is a great deal for the price listed.
Used it during the recent snow boarding trip and it work out well. Goggles fits well and comfortable.
It looks good and very comfortable. Good price for it.
Looks good, fits well
Worked great! I wore them with a helmet. Looks good and functions great.
Great for the price!  They didn?? fog and fit well for skiing.
Fit over my glasses perfectly. I have the larger style lenses and frames and it provided perfect coverage and clarity. Would recommend
Work well, great value
Very nice!  Stylish!
Great product! It looks good and works real well! Prompt delivery. No problems!
Freaking awesome goggles, love them!
love the way they fit.
I just love it, thanks.
Fit well (comfortable) and visibility was great. No distortion.
My son loves these goggles. Good quality for the price.
Good for price paid
I absolutely loved these.
These are great for sledding, and even just shoveling snow in brutal co dictionary. The snow and light don't blind my eyes.
Translate review to English
I've used them two times now and I've been very happy. They fit well, keep the cold out, and have great vision. They also seem very sturdy
Me and my brother bought the same goggles and absolutely loved them this product is a 10/10 the orange lens helped me see the detail in the snow while riding better than the naked eye. I literally had no issues whatsoever for the money you cannot beat this I would definitely recommend to a friend or family member ????
Fit great, wear while snow blowing. No snow in my face now! Recommend.
Translate review to English
These are great goggles for a low price I got same-day delivery because I planned a last-minute snowboarding trip and it came in clutch!
Great visibilityHad 0 fogging & I used them for 5+ hours a dayThey have rubber grips inside the bandHavnt changed the lends out yet but I?? excited too.I got a lot of compliments on the mountain!
These goggles worked perfectly for me today. We took a 2 hr snowmobile tour in Heeney, Co and after the full 2 hrs and never once taking off the goggles, I only had the slightest spot of fogging which went away after a few seconds. I usually sweat a lot and was worried about fogging, but I was pleased with my experience. The weather was a clear, sunny day so I can?? account for experience with snowy or rainy weather. The only precipitation that got on my goggles was snow blowing off the mountains but it mostly flew off or dried off with the sun. I wore prescription sunglasses underneath with no issues. My normal glasses were a little wider frame which fit but put a little more pressure on the frame itself so I chose the smaller frame sunglasses to avoid possibly breaking my glasses although I?? sure they would have been fine. For the price point, I couldn?? have asked for a better product.
Love
Very stylish
Wife and I use for winter hikes.  Boys use for snowboarding.  Good to go.
Excellent product and great quality
No complain, worked great in my last snowboard trip.
Still bothering my nose no matter how many times i adjusted it
Comfortable,  thick straps. Nicely tinted. And affordable!
It fits my glasses which is quite important. I tried it on without the helmet and felt perfect (My helmet is on the way). But then I added pressure on it and it seems the glasses might add pressure to your nose if you got a big head like me.But in general, this product is worth the money it sells for. Let's see if it works on a snowfield.
Now i can see much better when foggy days.
I used these for 2 days of snowboarding. I like the way they look and wide field of view they offer. They only got a bit of fog a couple of times when my breath got inside them, and even then they defogged really fast. I switched out the lens after the sun went down on the first day and the switching process was really awkward and I was afraid I was going to break them, but I was so glad I could because the yellow lens worked great at night! I had never heard of the Zionor brand so I was a bit worried, but half the people on the mountain were wearing Zionor goggles, including my friend that I went with, and after using them, I can understand why, they were so comfortable, and worked so well. I only wish I had bought the kind that has magnetic lens attachment like my friend?? pair. His magnetic lens swap is really quick and easy.
??
They felt good and looked good but not ideal lens choice for the mountain
Fits perfectly over my glasses.
If torn between his and the magnetic version??go with the magnetic. I bought both for 2 different people Christmas presents. One wears glasses (hence this OTG version) other doesn??. They both have OTG cutouts and on my rough measurements they will both fit same width glasses frames. The magnetic lens change is so much nicer and simple for sunny to night lens change.
I have used these goggles only once, and after two hours of using it got steamed up inside the goggle and blocked my view completely. I am disappointed with this item and will probably not use it again. Not recommended.
The goggles didn't fog and were nice and clear. I have no issues at all.
Amzing price for what you get, highly recommend, only bad thing i can say is the lens is not magnetic its a pop in and out system but thats not a big issue!!
I really enjoy these goggles. They adjust well and fit snuggly which was great for me since I have a bit of a small head. The goggles look just as advertised and I love the number of options they offer. So far I haven't had any problems with the goggles fogging up with and without face gear like a balaclava. By far the best thing about these goggles is their compatibility with glasses. These goggles were made to slip right over your glasses and I love that about them. Since I don't wear contacts, this has been great for me as most goggles don't take glasses into consideration and thus are always uncomfortable to wear over them. If you didn't wear contacts then you just had to deal with it or take off your glasses and lose your vision. So to have a pair of goggles that adds a space on the side of them to fit over your glasses is simple but very much appreciated. Sunglasses of course apply to this as well. Overall these are a great set of goggles that I feel confident in recommending.
I like that the Zionor snow goggles arrived on the scheduled arrival date. These goggles fit snugly and well on my face. When the package arrived, the boxing and cover was designed perfectly. I look forward to using these goggles safely and properly in my next snow sliding trip !
nice
I liked that the fog protector was pretty good.  the goggles did not fog up that much but they are rather large on the face, I know they went over the glasses but it still seemed large.  Also information is not clear on how to order replacement lenses and what the ratings are for different sunlight or fog during skiing.  good grips on the elastic banding that goes around the head.  wish they were a little thinner on the face but overall great goggles.  wish they came with several different lenses so we could have switched out during skiing on the slopes.  did not realize it would be harder to see and forgot to order the other lenses.
I wear contacts when i ski so I need really good goggles to keep the wind off my eyes.  Great clarity, great vision, no fogging, and no wind on my eyes. Absolutely recommend, great value.  There are different amounts of light (Visual Light Transmission, VLT) the different lenses have, i got 22% and worked great for a sunny day.
Fit my relatively large glasses and neither my glasses or goggles ever fogged up!
These are pretty good low cost goggles.  I bought them to use as part of a costume, so I can't tell you what they're like to ski with.
This present for my Grandson arrived on-time and good condition.
Great looking goggles and vision is good when skiing or snowboarding.
Definitely one of the more affordable options. I saw a LOT of people on the mountain who had the same brand of goggles so I guess that?? a good sign. They help up well. I wore glasses but it was a bit of a tight fit. That said it still worked, was comfortable, and visibility was great.
Product is great. We used them when we went skiing.  We enjoy them.
Great value.
They certainly work well for my job. Would have liked for the tint visor to be a little darker to help with weld arcs in the corner of my eyes, but I know that wasn?? the intent of this product so I will not be taking off for that.
Becareful all lense easy to scratch. I scratched mine before sporting them
These are by far the best goggles I have owned at any price. Didn't fog up, and had a great lense. I had my GoPro on my helmet so for one run by buddy and I traded. He commented how much he liked the goggles as well. Great purchase.
I had never been skiing before and needed some affordable goggles. These surpassed my expectations and were insane quality for the price. I used them all day in Deer Valley Utah (with many first time skier falls) and they look brand new. I will be using them again a lot in the future!
Very happy with these googles ... I could have easily spent 5 times as much but what for.  I've used these three times already and have been very happy.
they work great for the day when the sun is out
Took it to Solitude Ski Resort this winter. Look very cool and perfect for a bright sunny day.  But a bit too dark when it is cloudy or while it is snowing, which is what it is designed to do.  This, make sure you have a different giggle that can be used when there is less brightness.
I got the clear ones and I can see so much better in these. Recommend!
Great goggles. Bright and colorful. Nice anti-fog.
I really liked the fact that these goggles are truly OTG. My glasses just fit, very snugly inside the goggles.The goggles did not fog, or freeze and gave excellent visibility. I like the yellow lens, it gives high clarity on both sunny and dimly lit days.



I bought this a couple of months ago and I finally had a chanced to test it last week skiing. I am very impressed with this item. Not only it look amazing, it was very comfortable to wear. I did NOT fogged up at all. Everyone noticed how well it looked. The only slight issue i have with this goggle is that it is not scratch proof. It is very easy to scratch the lens if you are not super careful. I definitely recommend this item for its quality, functional and price.

Good ****



Worn them only once on a cloudy and then snowy day.. Cannot give any review yet

Son was really pleased with these when they arrived and looked really good. However, first day he used them the lens coating scratched really easily so disappointed with them (don't know if coating is faulty or just not that good)

Brilliant goggles for a really good price - I took them skiing and they didn't fog up once! Also they're very comfortable and look great.





Speedy delivery, gorgeous goggles!
Really nice, good quality


Had issue with one of the clip but the company was helpful and replaced the unit.The company offer greats goggles.  This is my family's 4th pair and i am starting to see a lot of people wear the Zionor brand on the ski hills.  Great job Zionor!!
