Bought these for a week ski trip to Breckenridge. Had a variety of different conditions during the week and never had an issue with them.
Just as nice as my husband?? much more expensive goggles. Made my ski day today much more enjoyable!
These goggles have to be the best last minute purchase I??e ever made! Just before a weekend birding trip out of state this last season my old faithfuls broke on me. So I snagged these real quick and boy was it worth it! Forget the expensive name brand goggles for 1/4 the price  you get just as good of a goggle. They might scratch just a little easier but if you are careful with them while not wearing them it shouldn?? be a problem. After 3 days using them I never had them fog up on me and they were surprisingly comfortable all day!
Translate review to English
"I have such a great relationship with this company, I randomly found them at a small shop in 2015 or 2016? The iridium on the lenses was perfect, it was like having a heavy pair of sunglasses out on bright snow days in Jackson. I need a blind goggles for my entire family because they were just sort of like the cheap sunglasses that you get from gas stations, without any of the problems. I have had at least two pairs of these for the last seven or eight years. I recently broke my Oakley A-frames moving to Pittsburgh, I needed a new set so I bought another pair of these and they work fantastically. You get more than what you pay for with this company, these goggles last you more than a few seasons in a very comfortable, and the iridium colors are plentiful. The new magnet system where you can switch in and out the iridium lens  does a lot of fun. I would say if you don?? go snowboarding very often, are you looking for a pair of goggles that your kids can break these would be perfect."
Great product! First pair of ski goggles I have bought and they are fantastic. They fit perfectly over my lower profile glasses and fit although tightly over my wide framed (didn't think it would fit them at all as they are very wide). Had a slight fogging issue when the weather on the slope turned to very cold with high winds and heavy flurry. But it average cold conditions they performed above expectations. Worth every penny.
"Both my husband and I bought these goggles early in this ski season with relatively low expectations due to the amazing price.  I'm happy to report we've used them multiple times weekly and switched lenses frequently (both of us bought the yellow for low light days), they switch with ease. They look stylish, they fit over my glasses (hooray for not being blind on the mountain) and the fact I only need one pair of goggles and can switch the lenses literally on the gondola ride is a game changer.  Highly recommend. Zero fogging!"
I was looking for goggles that would fit eyeglasses. These worked great! No pressing of eyeglasses into face or into the nose. No problem with fogging. Definitely a great product. I used them for 2 days in Colorado and they performed well. Time will tell how well they hold up to continued use.
"Fit on the face is great, soft foam is very comfortable. Adjustable strap easy to change from helmet size to head size. Cool silver mirror exterior surface looks great and offers outstanding protection. On my trip we had bright blue skies all days and these goggles never let me down or made me squint, not once. Incredible value for the money. I'd buy them again in an instant."
"I bought these on a whim to prevent having to buy an overpriced ""Brand Name"" version for a ski trip that was a few weeks away. I bought the ""Lagopus X Black Frame Polarized Blue Lens VLT 16%"" version (so the ""S3"" darkness). I was pleasantly surprised, goggles came packed in a nice box and in a very nice non-scratch reusable bag/cleaning cloth. The blue is attractive from the outside, and the mirror/polarizing does obscure your face/eyes if it matters. Comfortable and JUST small enough to fit inside a big rental helmet. The strap adjusted from pretty small to gigantic with ease and the grippers on the strap are great! The view through them is exactly what I wanted: Polarized, cheap, clear, ventilated (they don't fog in any way I tried to get them to) and they seem to be VERY wide angle (so no ""Goggle/tunnel vision""). When you put them on on a really bright day they seem to be more than adequately dark (polarizing helps with this), i'd imagine the S4 tint is probably too dark for all but the most sunny of days. The S3/Blue VLT 16% seems like a good ""all around"" lens for everything from whiteout afternoon skiing (did that several days) to windy and cloudless winter mornings (did that too).The only drawback (if it is one at all) is that the view through the lens I chose makes everything yellow tinted. I don't mind this, helps make out lines and edges quite well, but it does blur the color spectrum between blue and black (if you're a skier/boarder that cares about this, make sure you know what shapes the runs are too!).All around recommendation: buy them!"
"I needed a pair of ski goggles to fit over my glasses and keep them from fogging.  These fit over the glasses, though a bit tight  and I had no problems at all with fogging, enough air flows through to keep both the glasses and goggles clear.  The field of view is wide and excellent.  I am completely happy with these."
Have used these four times this season and are working great.  I wear glasses so that I can see what I am skiing on.  The goggles fit right over the top of my glasses. The goggles keep everything from fogging up even on the -25 days and nights i have skied.  Would buy them again in the future.
I bought these googles for a snow mobile/ski trip for my boyfriend and I. They were amazing. The Clarity and visibility were so good! We even wore them the next day when we went snow tubing because the sun reflecting off the snow was so bright! Definitely worth the buy and an awesome investment! Get them you won?? be sorry!
"Title says it all. Affordable, comfortable. They fit up a bit, ??you just gotta figure out what layering works best for you!"
"Easy to use , looks super cool , feels quality !"
I bought these for my son who participates in a handicap ski program. These are perfect to put over his glasses when there is little sunshine. There is minimal fogging and sized toFit comfortably over his glasses. They come with a case to help prevent scratches. We have been very pleased with these. I would definitely recommend them.
Bought two pair for my husband and I. We wore them over our helmets and the fit was great. They have enough cushion so they don?? dig into the forehead or nose. Had no problems with fog or visibility. Work best for adults.
Full range view and comfortable.
"Well these arrived just in time to help me get through yet another blizzard, & let me tell you....What a difference!!These goggles make doing hand to hand combat with winter kind of fun!...As they ARE fog proof, give great face coverage.... offer great field of vision....excellent optical clarity.... & very good sun glare  protection.And they are very comfortable to boot...Yes.....you get it all with these, plus....They look great as well.....seriously, the first person who saw me wearing these looked dumbfounded, as you could see the shock of awe in their eyes.I am actually in between ""shifts"" at the moment, catching my breath so I can go outside & throw some snow with the snow blower...so I figured I would post my first impression, which is... most impressive!I actually gave up using goggles years ago because I could not find a pair that wouldn't fog... not only do these not fog....they change the experience of being outside in a blizzard..... as your face [as long as you wear head/face protection with the goggles of course] is entirely protected from the wind & snow...It kind of looks as though you are sitting in a vehicle, the view is that nice & warm.And this is perfect for my needs, as throwing snow with a snow-blower is really rough when the wind blows....as it will throw it right back at you, right in your face.So I need all the protection I can get, as high winds with extreme temps = big trouble if your not adequately prepared.There have been many time when I couldn't even see, because of the winds & snow blinding me...& if you can't see, you don't move the snow blower so you just stand there being turned into a snowman lol So... yes, I love these goggles, highly recommended :)"
Report abuse
"They fit over my glasses just as I had hoped.  I went with a middle-of-the-range VLT lens so that I could use them in most sun conditions.  I primarily use them when using my snowblower.  Makes a world of difference, not getting blowing snow in my eyes.  Haven't fogged up once."
For the price point these are hard to beat! I have about 15 hours on the mountain with these and haven?? had any fog problems. Comfortable for all day wear. Will buy more lenses for different conditions as needed!
"Great visibility. Cuts the sunlight down to a comfortable level, yet still able to ski after the sun goes down on lighted trails. No fogging issues on a -22f day or a 22f day. No complaints from me."
I purchased these to use when using my snow blower.They worked perfectly and we're a great value for me to get a second pair depending on the light conditions.
"Used the goggles for a ski week in Colorado and loved them. Excellent value for money, bought a second pair."
Bought these to fit over my glasses and they are perfect. My glasses don?? fog up. Exactly what I needed.
"My nose is bent to the side somewhat thanks to an old injury, which makes many goggles uncomfortable. These, though, have enough padding to be comfortable all day. Love em! Can't even think of a reason to ""upgrade"" in the future, these seem perfect."
Report abuse
They worked great for my trip out west. I received several compliments on my outfit since they had a matching color lens
"I was just interested in ski goggles that fit over glasses and these were perfect! They didn't smash my glasses, they didn't fog up and I had great visibility. I definitely recommend!"
"Very easy to attache, I saw some reviews about that it is difficult. The little tabs on the side twist to closed and open position, so maybe someone did not know that."
Great goggles. Definitely better than my old goggles. Used on sunny days and one overcast day. Worked great for both.
They came quickly. And even though they came in a soft emvelope they were OK. Just what I ordered and expected!
"Comfortable, adjustable, fit over my eye glasses -- and the tint on the lens is perfect for super sunny days and for cloudy days in the Rockies.  Plus they look great on the slopes!"
"I can't say enough about the customer service of Zionor.  I received my goggles and there was a small chip in the bottom edge of the lense.  No big deal, but I informed Zionor.  They offered to send me a replacement lense so I was pretty stoked.  When I received the replacement lense it was a different color (no biggie, the small chip wasn't obstructive and color options are great.) but it was also for a different model of Zionor goggles.  Bummer.  I wrote them back and they looked into it.  They said the replacement was fulfilled by Amazon, they apologized, and they said they were going to send me the right lense.  Well, they did!  Not only did they send me the replacement lense, they also sent me an entire new goggle set with another lense!!!  WHAAAAAAAAT?!?!?!?  I totally didn't expect that, but I really appreciate it Zionor!I used my new Zionor goggles for a week in Tahoe and they performed great.  Comfortable on my face, no fogging up, and the view area is huge.  Yeah, the goggles are a little big on your face, but that allows you to have a huge view unobstructed by the goggle frames.  The magnetic lenses on these are DOPE!  So easy to change out lenses, and no, even if you wreck out bad the lenses are not going to pop off the frames.  You can't beat the quality, especially at this PRICE.  I highly recommend these goggles, and especially Zionor as a company.  Thanks!"
"These seem fine. They were only used two days but so far, so good."
"I bought these goggles for a ski trip. I didn't want to invest a lot of money into them because I only go once in a while and these were a perfect find. They felt comfortable, fit around my helmet and very rarely fogged up when worn properly. Would definitely recommend."
Very comfortable and they never fogged up!
Goggles worked perfectly for my whole family! Now have a pair for all!
Just as described.  Comfortable and great vision
This is a provides a really good coverage and fits great with good seal letting in the right amount of light. I would buy again.
Great set of goggles for a low price.  I had no fogging issues after two weeks of use.
"For the price you get what you pay for. These are awesome looking goggles that get the job done. But there are definitely some drawbacks to be aware of before buying.Pros:1. Look awesome2. Big and provide a wide field of view when wearing them.3. Flexible and durable frame.4. Removable strap if any need arrises to change it or whatever.5. Relatively cheap6. Great customer service. I had some problems and they reached out to me and gave me a discount back along with a replacement pair. They seem to put a lot of effort into keeping customers satisfied. It was the first time I've had such friendly and helpful assistance from a company.Cons:1. Anti-fog layer on the inside is VERY delicate. Need to keep goggles on to keep excessive fog from building up or from snow/water from getting on the inside of the lens. You can't wipe the inside of the lens to clean it, it needs to air dry. Any contact on the lens or excessive water can cause some damage. If you get these, be careful with them.2. The lens is difficult to remove. It hurt my hands getting it off and felt like I was going to crack the lens. And it makes it worse because you can't touch the inner lens or it will leave marks. I got these initially planning on swapping the lens for night skiing but it's not realistic because it's so difficult to remove the lens. I would highly recommend the magnetic lens changing model of goggles offered by Zionir if you plan on swapping them out on the mountain.Overall these are great goggle for the price!!"
Loved the look of the goggles. They were still a little uncomfortable over my glasses but did pretty well considering.
"Purchased the OTG--Over The Glasses goggles with a VLT of 8.4% and an additional amber lens for cloudy days.  I can't be more pleased with the quality and function of these goggles.  No tearing up due to cold wind blowing through seams; no fogging or ice build up whatsoever.  I wear coke bottle thick glasses and finally found a pair of high quality, affordable, goggles designed for persons who wear glasses.  Already recommended to both family and friends--one of whom tried them out for 1 run only and just ordered a pair for himself!  Yes, i got them back...seriously no cold air leaks at very high speed cruising (former racer back in the day), no fogging, and no icing.  Could not be happier with this purchase."
These work great with glasses!
"These worked out perfectly. Durable, clear, and lightweight. More than I expected at the price."
Report abuse
I was skeptical of cheap goggles but these are the best goggles I??e ever used.
"I ordered this goggles mostly because I liked the price and design, eventhough I've never ordered everything online without trying it on first, I decided to go for it this time. I've chosen Silver color lense and black frame (Lagopus X Silver), because it looked very stylish and also fit the requirements for weather.It arrived on time, in a bubbled from inside package. There were goggles and a bag for them inside, goggles wer wrapped in plastic from inside of the lens, which protected it from the dust and other scratches. They look new, as they should, with everything glued very well. The stripe on your head is a little bit big(long) to wear over a hat, but should be good on a helmet. They are flexible, although I didn't really try hard to band it into different sides. Dont look gigantic on my face! Sometimes new goggles put too much pressure on your nose, this ones do not! I wore them for like an hour, to see that!The visiability is quite good, but not as wide as expected. I see the soft area on my nose, which I do not see on my other goggles, also I see the end of the lens from both sides(right, left and up and down), and on my others, I dont.I should say they definitely worth the price and I will order several lens for them! And surely recommend it to others!"
I love how great it fits around the helmet or just around the head. Glad I bought this product!
Comfortable??.wide peripheral vision??stylish.  What?? not to like?
Fits great over my glasses
"Took these out for 6 days in Crested Butte, CO. For $30, I'm not sure they can be beat! Be sure to set them on your face properly; don't let them sit on your balaclava or you'll be dealing with foggy vision all day! There was heavy snow, light snow, no snow and these performed well in them all. The only mention to be made is that the green tint isn't the best for vision in the darker, snowier conditions, but if you read the description, you know that already. They fit perfectly with the ski helmet and the padding was comfortable throughout daily skiing! I HIGHLY recommend to anyone looking for a cool-look, cost-effective pair of ski goggles!"
Originally The lens arrived in a non-protective envelope instead of a box and so was broken. It was quickly exchanged and the replacement is great
Great quality!
"Very amazing fits well, kept my face and forehead warm"
makes it easy to see at night while skiing
Did not fog. Good price. They look like bugman but work good.
These goggles are awesome! Not much you can say but awesome
Great product. Great price
"Work awesome, zero fog issues. Great price"
"Love this product! I can say that I haven't been on snow in a number of years, but an opportunity came up to go snowboarding over Christmas break and so I needed all new gear. After reading through many reviews, the look and price of these goggles caught my eye, along with the positive reviews.  I can tell you that these are about as good as I would ever expect of this type of product, especially at this price point. They came with a cloth case and no extra lense. I got the mirrored ones and loved them. We were out on a sunny day; clear skies and fresh white snow. The tint was perfect (might be too dark for night time outtings). I did not wear a helmet with these and was able to fit it to my face by adjusting it down. I'm certain these would fit with a helmet, there's plenty of adjustment space.I was out for about 6hrs and experienced one small spot of fogging on my left eye. In my opinion, great anti fogging performance given the temps (darn near reached 50F at high noon, I was sweating and had to remove layers).My only complaint (if this counts) is the large yellow lettering on the band. I would definitely recommend these goggles and would buy them again."
Highly recommend
Good quality. Gets the job done. The tint is very nice.
Nothing bad all good buy these
These goggles fit perfectly! There was no fogging. I wore them on both a non-snowy and a snowy day and the goggles functioned so well in both scenarios.
Amazing !!!  I bought theee different giggled from Amazon cause I wanted one to fit over mu glasses.  These did but my glasses did fog soI went Rambo andSkied 3 days with out glasses  I'mNot too blind.  If u need goggles to fit over glasses these have the best chance of working.  But these kick but on lots of other goggles.  I mean way pay 220 when u can get these for under 30  Even if u scratch themJust toss and rebuy.  IAm amazed at these .......
Very clear and do not fog.
Love these and got them a few days ago but can?? figure out how to pop out the lenses. I switch the little knob on the size and push it but it won?? come out and I don?? wanna put to much pressure and accidental break em.
I finally admitted that I needed OTG goggles.  My research led me to these goggles because they are supposed to fit glasses up to 5.5 inches wide. I bought  the Zionor and 1 other brand with similar claims. The other goggles did not fit my glasses but the Zionor lived up to their claim. Its a snug fit so anything over 55 will not work. I really like the lenses! Both the standard silver and yellow (bought separately)  light up the trail making it easy to see the terrain.  Very happy with these goggles.
They don't fog and look great!
"Snowboarded in 40 degree and -25 degree weather. Even with a facemask/skimask the goggles never fogged up. Pay attention to the instructions that come on the goggles, do not wipe the interior lense. Im sure they have some type of RainX type of coating that prevents fogging. If you wipe the interior lense, you may remove that coating. My glasses that I wear under the goggles sometimes did fog but there is plenty of ventilation in the goggles so the fog went away in a few seconds."
"After one week of skiing in the Rockies at 5 - 10k feet altitude, during both very flat/overcast with snow falling and very bright sunny days, I approve. Filtration and color enhancement of ski slopes in flat light are as expected and advertised, by the amber color.  The lenses removing most light (as advertised), the ""mirrored"" versions, work as advertised.  The best feature is the attach/detach method, at least after my short history of several swaps of lenses over about 25 hours of ski usage."
"Although I look like a middle-aged mutant bike rider, I love these goggles in the cold weather. First, they never fog--I swear. Second, the strap fit easily under my helmet. Third, I don't get a ""cold sinus"" headache because the foam blocks the wind and keeps my forehead warm. Fourth, these goggle really keep the winter road debris (water, pebbles, sand, etc) out of my eyes. I did an experiment where, halfway through a 2-hour ride, I switched to standard bike glasses. Will not go back to them before late-Spring. These were so worth it."
"Used this for a 4 day ski trip to Colorado, it worked great for daytime use. Make sure you check how much sunlight the lens blocks for the conditions you are going to be in. This one was great for daytime, but in the afternoon in the shade it was hard to read the ground conditions and at night I would be impossible to ski with. If you are going to night ski get 2 pair! one for day and different lens for night."
"They work great! I do think they make me look a bit funny but they??e also super functional and look cool as heck, you just got to wear it with confidence. They don?? fog up, the band is adjustable, and they double as sunglasses to protect from bright snow. Would recommend!"
"These were a godsend on short notice and such an amazing price ($31). Though the finish is blue, the lens view is yellow/amber for high contrast. Standard warning is don't get polarized goggles because you'll miss ice patches and some of terrain in lower light. However, I need polarized lenses due to migraines, not negotiable. They got banged around and didn't scratch. I was also pleased that I saw Squaw Valley employees wearing Zionor on the slopes, which provided reassurance about the brand. I bought 2 other goggles on Amazon listed as polarized... they were not. Easy test -- hold lenses out and look toward something with glare. Tilt lens 90 degrees and the glare area should darken and lighten as you twist. I didn't have any fogging issues. The one annoying thing is that because they are over-glasses, the bridge sticks way out and I had to fold myself in half to look down to adjust my boot."
"I did not use the product myself, however my husband and brother in law did on our last ski trip. I heard no complaints. They skiied with blowing snow machines, they fell down the slopes, they took our 7, 5, and 3 year olds down slopes, and they tubed down slopes with wild snow fall. They thanked me numerous times for purchasing these. They we happy to put them on everyday and getting a grown man to do what's best for him is usually quite difficult. They we not only happy to wear them but they actually handed them back to me at the end of each day for aafe keeping.  I would call this a five star product."
"No more watering eyes, and fog free!!!Win win!"
"Overall for the price you simply cannot beat these goggles. This style runs for $150+ on sale easily, so when receiving these do not have expectations like you would if you ordered $200.00 goggles.What you will get with these goggles are a great design which offers  wide angle views, great mirror lenses as well as very comfortable strap.I purchased the 24.4% VLT with S2 level of protection and they have been great in sunny and cloudy weather allowing me to see very well.Many people state these goggles fog up, it is most likely due to you not having the goggles on tight enough. I had them on loose and the fogged a tad, but once I adjusted the band and tightened the goggles to where they were still comfortable they were fine with no fog.I have used the goggles now three times in the North East and am satisfied with them.Remember folks, you are only paying $50.00, so have the right expectations here.Overall, very happy and great responsive customer service for any assistance or questions."
"I finally got a chance to use these lenses the other day.  I started skiing at 11:30am in bright sunlight with my original set of lenses (designed for bright sun).By 2:00 pm (4:12 sunset, 12/20), haze and clouds began to roll in and shadows over the north side of the mountain.  I took a break, went into the lodge and popped these ones in.  The yellow tint gives everything a brighter, sharper look. (When you take them off, everything looks blue until your eyes re-adjust).  I continued skiing with them on and took a 3:55 chairlift to the top.  My ticket was good until 4pm, but the place I was at had night skiing from 4pm to 8pm.  I relaxed at the top until just after sunset and came down under the lights with these same lenses.  Everything continued to look sharp and bright on my last run."
"I was skeptical, but after 2 back to back days on the mountain, Im highly impressed and can say these are just as good as any pair priced 10x higher.  Used these on a cloudy, semi low-vis powder day as well as a bluebird day and they worked great- no fogging, great field of vision and great clarity in high sun and low light.  My friend's expensive Electric brand goggles started fogging towards the end of the day but mine stayed clear both back to back days.I have a smaller face and was worried these would be too big but they looked and felt great. The frame is flexible and they were very comfortable.  No issues with scratching of the mirror finish, but Im pretty careful with these and always keep them in their case.Would definitely buy these again, and will probably purchase another pair in a different color."
"Both my husband and I ordered goggles for our ski trip and we both LOVED them! Super fast delivery and such a good price for a high quality item. My husband wears glasses and can?? wear contacts, these goggles fit over his glasses with no issues. Also no fogging even with having to wear a mask the whole time we skied. 10/10 would recommend these goggles to any of my ski friends!"
"Overall a really good purchase because of how inexpensive these were.  They gave me a very wide range of vision, they looked great, perfect for a sunny day skiing because of the tint, but they were also fine for night skiing.  I was concerned they would be too dark to wear at night, but they were fine.  They also did not fog up, like other googles I have had, but they did not at all.  The gave a little too much pressure on my nose, but that might have just been because of the tyle of helmet I was wearing.  Overall, I love these!"
"The goggles did not fog during falling snow.  I got a bright lens for dim days and a dark lens for bright days.  Unfortunately I did not get to use the dark lens as all our days were snow fall days. The bright lens helped define the slopes and made skiing in dim conditions a lot better. $40 for goggles and 2 sets of lens, a great bargain!...pw"
I spend some time on reviews and realize the googles are the ones to buy. First of all I am a experienced skier BBC and have used many googles the googles arrived by mail. When I opened the packaging it came with excellent instructions and preset for your helmet to be put on. The googles are a incredible value for the money and very comfortable on your face. I used at Stowe mountain and they worked perfectly fine. A wonderful value and it does a wonderful job keeping the air away from your eyes and it works well in the sun and shade. I recommend buying them
"I bought these goggles for a weekend skiing trip. Did not want to spend too much money because they would be used for just 2 days and probably not until next year after that. I'm very impressed with these! They do not fog up, are durable and look good! Would definitely recommend. Like other reviewers mentioned, don't forget to take off the sticky protective film!"
"Worked great for snowboarding in Wyoming. I will say we??e not avid skiers or snowboarders who go regularly, so I don?? know much about ski gear. But they work great for our once a year trip."
"I love these goggles. Best price out there for quality goggles. I suggest everyone who needs a pair to go with this brand, love how comfortable they are and also the style and how you can customize with different color lenses is just great."
"These were invaluable this winter.  It was VERY cold and lots of snow blowing and low light conditions the first time, and these goggles mostly stayed free of snow.  Definitely did not fog up.  Kept my face warm.  The second time we went skiing it was sunny.  These were still great.  Very versatile."
"Purchased 2 goggles plus extra bright lenses to swap out.  We wear them downhill skiing and both needed goggles to go over my glasses which are 5.5"" wide.  These google do fit over the glasses but just barely.  The extra lenses for cloudy days swap in and  out very easily.  Good value."
"I'm a casual skier but wanted my own pair of ski goggles and these fir the bill perfectly.  These are quite affordable, comfortable for all-day use and do not fog.  I bought the pair with the highly mirrored lens and with the exception of my ski buddy not being able to see my eyes, these were great for a sunny day.  Bonus feature is that there are other lenses available and I may pickup an additional lense for use on less sunny days or night.  So far, I'm very happy with this purchase."
"Amazing service! I received my goggles quickly. After opening the package and noticing a small scratch in the lense I got in contact with Zionor. They got back with me quicker than expected these days and sent me another set in very little time. Excellent quality goggles! I love my pair and my nephew, who I purchased a pair for Christmas, loves his too! Thanks!"
"Bought these for night skiing. I own Oakleys, Anon and Spy goggles so I was skeptical about how these would compare. I couldn?? be more pleased. They did not fog up. They are very comfortable and I could not tell a difference between these $30 goggles and my $120+ goggles. I will DEFINITELY be purchasing another pair."
"Goggles look like they do in the pics.  field of view is great.  I really like that the ones I got didn't tint the world yellow/orange.  Only minor issue, and it's so minor I can't fault them for it, are some very small distortion points in the FOV.  You really gotta look for them to notice, and they don't distract at all when I'm flying down the hill.  For under $20, it's a good buy.  My only regret is not going for the X4 with the more easily replaceable magnetic lens."
"I have $350 Oakley Iridium googles and this look almost a good. Seriously. I bought them to bike with my glasses on but will probably use snowboarding if I don?? want to put my contacts in. Seriously fit great with my helmet on which was a concern. I?? shocked my the quality, the fit and the lens vision. Home run regardless of price."
"Got these in a pinch with Prime before a ski trip. Skied for a week with these and LOVED them. They never fogged up, don?? feel cheap or delicate. I really like them. Black lenses were a good choice for the really sunny days and also were fine for a cloudy/snowy day."
Look great and comfortable read the glassses sizes
I don't have a ton to say but I wanted to make sure I left a 5 star review because I was very happy with the goggles. Got a few compliments when I wore them out and they did indeed fit over my glasses.
"I like this set of goggles. The mirror ones easily get scratched but these don??. Don?? spend $200 on a pair of goggles they are not any different than these. I have several pairs from Zionor, I like them quite a bit. They look very cool. These are best on a sunny day and don?? work very well on a cloudy day. Keep that in mind. For 20 bucks by two pairs one for sunny weather and one for cloudy."
"They look great and perform excellent for the price. These goggles are dark - meant for very sunny weather, so while they are excellent for the daytime, don?? try to wear them in the evening or at night. My only concern is the durability of the lens. I guess that?? where you get what you pay for. I??e used them about 10 times this season and they already have a few light scratches. I also don?? know if you can get replacement lenses?"
"super fast  delivery, excellent  product."
I used this for spraying poison to keep it out of my eyes. I am sure it?? works great for skiing too but it?? perfect for spraying poison and not overheating your face.
"Worn all weekend skiing, no fogging issues even while wearing a mask. Make sure to put bottom of goggles over the top of mask to prevent breath from coming up and fogging. Great field of vision and tint did great in the bright sun."
"Used them for the first time today on opening day at Copper Mountain Colorado.  Clear blue skies and about 30 degrees.  Vision was great (have the dark non reflective lens), fits my helmet like a glove, feel was great, and no issues what so ever with fogging/condensation  considering how bad I was sweating.  Love the look/style as well.  My only complaint is they did not come with instructions on how to remove lens.  Came with an insert on how to care for them but that's it.  I had to google a instructional video to figure it out.  Seems like a simple insert into packing to me.  Nonetheless great goggles and would recommend all day."
If your planning on using these with a helmet your gonna love them. They fit great..the straps tough and the amber tint lense (regardless of which color u choose yes from the inside out its amber) is super bright and everything on the slope is very well defined. If you don't have a helmet get one. Not only will it save your skull from a direct hit but these goggles won't make you look like something out of a bad 80's horror film. They stick out far from you face and without a helmet you'll be wishing you ordered a low profile or smaller pair. With a helmet you take on almost a pornstar type persona. The snow bunnies will be running into trees because they are too busy looking at you instead of watching where they are going.
"I am a newbie snowboarder and got these because of the low price. I was expecting it to be cheap, but these were better quality than the cheapest brand sold at the actual ski resort. These were adjustable to fit around my head and helmet and they were comfy to wear the whole session. They only fogged up once because of proper placement over my balaclava, but overall, super impressed by its fit, anti-fog ability, and durability! highly recommend!"
"I usually don?? write reviews but this product is worth the write. Trust me I know the price looks too good to be true but they really are an amazing pair of goggles. I see many people wearing these goggles in big name ski resorts. Ive had them for 3 months and used them many times and haven?? had the slightest problem with either fogging or comfort. Try them out, if your on edge."
"I love these snow goggles. They were a fantastic price. They filtered out the harmful light and I could see well on bright days. I bought the heavier filtered lens for bright days but at this price I will buy some lighter lens for darker days. There is a wide variety of lenses available and they are interchangeable, but I will probably buy a complete goggle because the price is fantastic. They look great on Me."
these are great! i get so many compliments on the slopes because they're VERY shiny and reflective. i was a little worried about the size because i have a small head/face (i was wearing kids goggles before this) but they fit great! i love that they come with a little pouch so they don't get scratched when you throw them in your gear bag. definitely would recommend!
These lenses are a good investment to go with the frames.
"Purchased the clear orange version which allows the perfect amount of sun through to see the relief and contours of the slopes. I had been in a mirrored, grey-tinted goggle, which didn't work well on the overcast days we have in New England. This pair was going strong on a few trips before the season was cut short by the coronavirus outbreak: curious how they will hold up over time."
Excellent set of goggles. I love the wide peripheral vision and the clarity. Had no issues in cloudy dark weather and satisfied with the quality. Had a pair of Oakleys prior to this purchase but find that these pair are actually better
"We both got the blue, it?? beautiful! Comfortable and easy to adjust. The padding is soft. The fit was great. My husband uses the goggles over his glasses and it fits. It does seem that they will scratch easily which is a downside. Did not fog up for me at all, although it did fog up a little for my husband (I think because he was wearing his glasses)."
"I used them once so far and am very happy with my purchase. They are very comfortable, great visibility and really well made. They stay in place on my helmet with the sticky backing on the inside of the band."
"Exactly what I needed for a last minute ski trip in Colorado! I never had issues with fogging or glaring. The style was similar enough to current name brand goggles that my friend, who always wears top of the line gear, said ??ow! Those goggles are sick!??,One person found this helpful"""
"I love the look of these goggles and they were great out in the snow.Pros:+ high quality look (friend asked how much I got these for because he thought these were the same as his which he got for 3x the price)+ kept me from going blind from the brightness of the sun reflecting on the snow+ made me look like a pro even though I actually sucked at snowboarding++++++ FITS OVER MY GLASSES, major plus on thisCons:+ sometimes fogs up, I found they needed to be positioned a certain way on my face to not fog up, took some trial and error but I got it downPreviously, I bought some super cheap goggles for my skiing trips. Big mistake, the difference between the cheapo ones and these are big."
"Google work amazing!! Love them. Colors are awesome I have green, and im pretty sure I'm going to buy another color, always good to have a back up pair incase of frost over. Must buy if looking, LOOK NO MORE!!"
Both pairs were purchased from this seller. We loved our goggles and they were great our entire 2 hr. Snowmobile rideThese red and blue pairs were definitely a show stoping pair of goggles on the slopes !
"Great goggles! Why spend $200 when you can get great quality for a better price! I bought 2 pairs, one for me & one for my fianc?, and we have since bought the changeable lenses for the different light conditions on the slopes. They are very easy to change & we have turned our ski pals on to this product. I highly recommend this product ??"
"(Man on left) I bought these goggles hoping for a temporary fix for not having goggles in time, but I love them. They fit great, and they work perfectly! Quality seems great for the price. Definitely recommend."
I ski 30+ days a year in Colorado and these Googles are a great value and very functional. No fogging and clear perspective . 1/3 the price of competitive models. Seeing these all over winter park ski area this year.
"Super comfortable, barely had to adjust, didn?? fog! We have many cloudy and snowy days of snowboarding where we are and this particular (Orange see-through)  lens is perfect for those days."
"Bought them for a recent trip to Colorado which also happened to be my first time snowboarding. :) I was questioning how good these were going to be for the price when name brand goggles in this style go for $200 easily. They worked wonderfully absolutely LOVE these goggles. They got bumped by the edge of a snowboard several times and didn't scratch. They don't fog up and the lens is easily removable for cleaning. They look pretty cool and I love the tint of the lens. They were great. Super comfortable, never fogged."
"My husband will need these great goggles to be protected from the dirt, rocks and debris flying around at the dirt races!!"
Ordered these for a dog mushing trip to Alaska.  Totally useless as they fogged up so badly that I could not see. Never could use them at all. Waste of money!!!!!
My husband is a snowboarder and his grandson suggested he get these.  He LOVES them.  Easy to switch lens.  He got the yellow lens to switch out.
"Daughter loves them! She says they??e comfy, don?? fog up, and can see fine whether it?? a bluebird day or overcast. Haven?? tried them yet on a storm day yet though."
Translate review to English
"I bought one kid the Oakleys and then the rest of the fam got theses--honestly, I can't tell much difference but these were about $150.00 cheaper!  comfortable, good fit and uber cool looking!"
"The ski goggles fit perfectly over my glasses. I was certain to measure the width of my glasses and the height as well and compared it to the info about the ski goggles. I will say they are snug around them, but once they are on, they are on. I do not live anywhere near the mountains, but in western Kansas we do have some terrible blizzards. I will use them year after year and I?? thrilled to have them as part of my winter attire. Thank you so much."
"This was a gift, my granddaughter was going skiing for the first time and needed googles - selected these.  She said they worked well once they were actually skiing."
I was hesitant to buy snow gear from Amazon especially since my boyfriend is such an avid skier but the goggles worked perfectly while skiing. Glad I bought them!
"I haven't taken them out snowboarding yet but I did wear them in the house for a good 2 hours lol no joke. They didn't fog up and I was really able to see. It didn't limit my vision.There isnt an off color when you see threw them, things are just a bit dimmer from the sun."
Great goggles no complaints.  Did not fog up which says a lot because I get hot and sweaty when skiing.
"So far, really good. I??e ridden for 20+ years, and I?? picky about vision. These outperform my $100 other storm day goggles in terms of not fogging up. I have used them on several first-chair powder days in very low light and been very pleased with them. I wear an Anon Prime helmet, size L, and they fit fine."
Good
"I was skeptical buying these because of the price point. I snowboard only a few days a year and needed a cheap replacement pair. These worked great. The visability during a sunny day, cloudy day, and snowy day all were great!  My lenses are around 20% which is a great catch all for multiple lighting conditions."
"These work great for me when the temps really drop.No fogging, no brain freeze! Yay!No idea how they are for skiing."
Safe to say perfect protection! Uv protection was great along with the fact they stay in place so well! Easy to clean and very durable!
"Work as intended. Lens can get a bit foggy when it?? super wet (like when raining), but other than that, no fogging issues"
"all I can say is I love these things. I ordered them just days before I left for a mammoth trip and they arrived on time, not only looking awesome but feeling super comfortable on my face while riding. After withstanding the 3 ft of powder we had, these things didn't fog up a single time on me and were very breathable while still having a sleek look, and great peripheral sight. I highly recommend these goggles to any type of snowboarder or skier going on the slopes there is no need to buy super expensive ones when you have these that look exactly the same and function just as well."
"I have been trying to find a pair of goggles, and I have tested a few, that will keep my glasses fog free.  This is the first pair that does that.  There is occasional fogging but it quickly clears.  I am delighted to have found these goggles.  Thank you very much!!"
"I bought a pair three years ago and they are still going strong, scratches yes but working for a snowmobile tour company and a ski resort they are daily wear items and I'm not gentle with them. I recently purchased six more for my family and they all loved them. The anti fog works well in all conditions. Not quite the quality of Smith or Oakley but when you can get 4 for the price of 1 who cares."
"Great spare lens. Clear lenses are perfect for those low visibility days, without coloring your vision!"
Love these goggles Got these for hunting. Last time i was hunting it was -18 outside...  so you kinda want your full face covered if your out and about. Got a 5 point buck that day too! I guess some people would call it a 10 point idk. Not a whole lot of people out hunting on that day..  i wonder why?Great goggles would buy them again. even looks alot like my friends googles that he paid 200 dollars for. His has quick attachable lenses and if he wrecks his lenses pop off.
It wasn't obvious to me that this is just a lens. No goggles. You will need your own goggles. Cant rate it so
"I bought these for our whole family for a weekend trip. The price is phenomenal and they worked brilliantly on a super cold, super sunny weekend. No scratches or anything so far, with 2 non-careful kids. We have never skied with goggles before and we're super surprised/happy with the difference they make."
Very nice and comfortable. Happy with these googles!
"Loved these.  Skied in Colorado with them, fit perfectly around a helmet.  Comfortable and look great!"
"These goggles are so nice. I love the way they look and fit. The sad part is that unfortunately I didn?? get to wear them on the slopes, because someone stole them while I was buying my lift ticket. :( they are nice though!"
"Fit really well over my glasses, and mostly stayed on my head through all the wipeouts"
"I received so many complements on my goggles while skiing and snowmobiling.  The vision is great and they never fogged up while driving a snowmobile with negative temps and snow.  I purchased the polarized lens and love it.  It is as good as my sunglasses for vision and clarity and never once had the concurve vision feeling while wearing them.  I do wish the strap wasn't so boring, but that is a small (very small) issue.  The goggles are amazing and cover most of your face so the cold isn't an issue. I cant wait to play in the snow again so I can break them out."
Didn?? fog up at all. Fit perfectly. I used these for night skiing and was able to ski fine. Others complained it being to dark.
"I wore these for a week straight in Vail, CO pre-covid and barely had any issues. There were some fogginess during little hikes with heavy breathing, but I was surprised how comfortable they were even with glasses on."
"These met expectations. Did have some issues w fogging, and the lenses are delicate/scratch easily. But an excellent price given alternatives..."
Wore them for the first time yesterday. My friend had also bought the exact same pair. After four hours skiing I finally realized I had them on my head that?? how perfect they were. Never fogged up once very comfortable. When you don?? realize you??e wearing goggles you know they are great.
I am actually using googles to mow a gigantic yard and this keeps the grass dust out of my eyes.  The UV protection improves my vision during the super sunny days.  I will  get another pair for skiing.
"These don?? fog up at all, insane! So worth the price"
Make sure you read and pick correct shading for your weather. They look great and fit over my glasses.
"As expected, fast shipment, kinda a lot of packaging. Great goggles, though. They look really cool with my BMX (bicycle moto cross) helmet, which has saved my face from impact a few times. Very good visability. Felt nice and warm on a low teens Fahrenheit day.  At this price hard to go wrong!"
Used with snowmobile helmet and worked great.
Will wear them this winter
This was a gift for my son-in-law and he said they were absolutely perfect and like the fact that they had the UV blocker on them
Can't beat the price and quality for less than $20. I ordered two. I returned the polarized ones because they arrived used and they were more expensive. I kept the regular silver ones and used them while skiing in Canada and they worked just fine.
"These were great!!! About half the people on the mountain this day had this exact goggle brand, which says something! A great, affordable option."
I loved them no fogging and when it was darker I still thought it was lighter with these on.
Got them for my hubby his 2nd pair different lens color - HE loves them - everyone at the mountain loves them too!
"I bought these thinking EH, they're only $60, worst comes to worst I'll have extra goggles.  These goggles are awesome.  I like them better than my electrics, which will often retail for 150 or more.  The lens is kind of annoying to change out at first but I got used to it and, they were only $60!!!  No fogging at mt bachelor, OR on a 25 degree snowy day.  Ordered the yellow low light lenses as well, very satisfied with my purchase!  Definitely recommend if you are looking for high end looking goggles but don't want to spend over $200"
Worth the money!!! I was skeptical but these are amazing glasses. They didn?? fog up at all and I could see well!
I highly recommend these googles they worked perfect for the blue bird days over spring break.
my other were scratched.  These are a perfect replacement.  Will buy again is scratch the lens.
"I got these to wear over my glasses in Covid patient rooms with my other PPE. They are comfortable and don't fog up for most use. I also have readers that fit under it, and they fir perfectly over my respirator."
I had no problem with my glasses (standard size) and it did not fog. Great product.
"Great, love them. They worked great with and without glasses. Didn't fog up. Crystal clear."
Great product. Fits my eyeglasses just like the dimensions they said would fit.  No fogging and comfortable.
Used to snowmobile in Alaska in sub-zero temps. They worked well
My buddy bought the green ones and liked em. They definitely feel cheap but they get the job done.
My daughter skied all season with these and they worked great. She loves them.
Love these and I was able to wear my regular prescription glasses under. They look aesthetic  pleasing.
Great goggles for the price. No need to buy expensive ski goggles a again!
Perfect pair of goggles for my 15 year old sonHe loved them
"Perfect fit, perfect size, great protection Comfortable around the head, soft on the face."
I have only worn these once on a sunny day on the mountain but they were great! No issues. Great product fit a great price! Im glad I didn't spend $100+ on brand name goggles because these do the job well!! Very happy
"I have skied for over 25 years and worn all the name brand expensive googles, hands down these are the best, during a recent trip we encountered every weather condition from blue bird sky?? and sun to -9 and heavy snow, these googles seemed to adapt to each scenario extremely well, absolutely no fogging and the ability to see clearly even when the light goes flat, can?? recommend them highly enough"
"These goggles are very comfortable, didn?? fog up and provided a natural light view."
"Used in VT in varying weather and had no issues with fogging, slipping, nose bridge etc."
i wear glasses so was looking for goggles that would comfortably fit over the glasses if i choose not to wear contact lenses. These work great! the  tint is perfect and they are really comfortable. Keepers for sure!
Great product i cant wait to get to the snow to try them out
Very little fogging if any and only when riding on a lift chair. The airflow from riding downhill helps with that.  Good goggles. Well priced.
Amazing goggles for the money. Wore them for 3 days in Mammoth 2 weeks ago. They didn?? fog up or let any breeze in. They only came with 1 color of lens but turned out great on a blue jay day as well as a white out. Have seen goggles in the ski stores that are almost the same for $200+. You will not regret buying these....love them
Fit nice and snug. Never fogged. Blocked the bright light adequately.
"Comfortable, did not block visual field at all and did not fog. Extremely pleased"
Love these fit well on my big head. Very comfy and great vis
Best goggles. It doesn't create steam inside the goggles and protect sun
Great looking and extremely nice for sunny days at the slopes
Fit as advertised and easy to change lenses. Great quality product.
Haven't use them yet since it's summertime but the product looks great feels great and the price is right arrive pretty fast to
"Worked as expected and never once fogged up on a 3-day ski trip with varying temperatures. Why one would pay $200 for Oakley?? is beyond me! Oh, and the lenses are removable and easy to swap out!"
Great deal. Don?? fog up. Easily fits over glasses on my big head.
"great price, it works, I have no complaints and would recommend it..."
Took them on vacation in Tahoe last week and they were wonderful
"These are unmatchable for the price and quality! You should definitely buy these because:1) They look great. You'll look like a boss in goggles like these.2) They don't fog up at all.3) You can change the lenses out based on conditions and preference. Changing the lenses is also super easy to do.4) They cover more of your face than traditional goggles, thus keeping you warmer by making less of your face exposed.5) They're priced fairly compared to similar goggles made by smith and dragon which run $200+"
Great Goggles for the price. Exactly what I expected. Recommend!
"Great googles and affordable. Just snowboarded keystone,CO and didn?? have any issues"
"Recommend theses to multiple friends, got many to buy them. Durable, don?? fog up and see good. UV resistance was awesome, I got 9% and saw clear as day but without the sun blinding me"
Bought 3 pairs to have for guests to on upcoming ski trip...and have a spares ..tried them out beforehand and note good overall quality and site clarity.  Didn't fog and can accommodate glasses which one of my guests wears
"Fog-free. Very comfortable with a helmet. Stylish. I paid way to much for Oakley goggles that fog seconds after you put them on...useless in windy cold conditions...Hello...That's why we wear them! My Zionor goggles never fogged, never, not once. Unsurpassed customer service too, these guys have rewritten the book on how you should treat your customer. They exceeded my expectations, not an easy task in my case! Too bad they don't make cars...I'd buy one tomorrow. I predict you'll see lots of these out there next year. Well done Zionor, well done."
"These are great.  Good vision, no fogging."
"Looked good, fit well. Blocked glare from snow."
I bought these goggles for snowboarding and they are perfect for me.
My husband really liked these.  Good quality and price.
Not only were these amazing by style....but they were very efficient while it snowed and rained on the mountain. The water and mist rolled off the lens as I snowboarded throughout the day! Totally satisfied.
Great looking snow goggles don't fog up and very clear.
Can?? beat these for the low cost!
Looks cool. It works with my glasses on.
Great for ski. Very comfortable and light weight
"Ski goggles, look great and can?? wait to use them"
My 13 year old son loves them
"Looks great, fits great, and well priced!"
Fit is great and they are so cute
These were great. Looked as good as they worked
These fit over my glasses! Just what I was looking forward.
AmazingGreat do sunny and cloudy days
Love them!
Awesome googles!! I?? buying another pair for my son!!
exactly what i needed
Works well in low light
The quality far exceeds the cost of this product. They fit well and do not allow air to pass through the seal. Loved the anti-fog  feature which helps but be sure to buy anti-fog for your regular glasses if you plan to wear them under the goggles. I would definitely recommend them and purchase this brand again.
"Worked well, had bigger range of view and got compliments. Great value for the price. Diddnt dog once, and snow air dryer relatively quickly of lenses when its snowing or gets kicked up."
"Wasn?? sure how the quality would be for being such a bargain, but I am very pleased. I haven?? had an expensive pair l, but these work very nicely."
Great look and fits perfectly
Nice looking and value
"Really enjoying these goggles! Comfortable, don't fog up, and really help with snow navigating. Great color! Couldnt be happier! My family spent around $100 on theirs, but both had great performance today."
Perfect for sunny days snowboarding.
"Really liked these! First time skier and these were awesome. Didn?? feel sweaty in them at all, did a great job at ventilating. Would recommend for sure!"
nothing wrong with them could fit glasses behind had great time skiing
Used them every day for our ski trip. Ill never spend hundreds on ski goggles again.
My teenage kids used these for their most recent ski trip. One day was sunny and the next was snowy. Goggles worked fine on both days.
"I was heading to Italy and needed some cheap ski goggles. I ski once a year and was not looking to pay 60 dollars for a pair of goggles. Orange is my favorite color as well. These goggles look awesome, are comfortable and wont break the bank. Exactly what I needed."
We use these while snow blowing in the wind conditions of rural Wisconsin. They work great. Takes the eye sting away when idea snow is in our faces.
Love them hit in the neighborhood
"Cannot recommend these enough!! Clear image, cool color and stylish too. Best goggles I have ever taken out on the slopes."
How it cuts down the sun.
"Great value! Fits over helmet, no fog"
Great product looks nice and great quality
I love them they look awesome
"Awesome product, enough said!??"
Great goggles
Translate review to English
Exactly like the photo
These goggles are better than expected.
"Pretty, comfortable, love the product"
DIDNT FOG UP ONCE!was great for bright sun - like perfect sunglasses - good 180deg viewnext time I would prefer to go with a lower profile goggles like my friend had - they are not as bigbut these were amazing and did a great job -  would def buy again
Love these goggles!!! They look and fit great. We noticed a handful of other people were wearing the same goggles. Couldnt be happier with these for the price!
Really good quality
These worked great for day boarding but were a little to dark for night boarding. They did not fog up at all!! Great for the price.
Pretty good for the price
These are comfortable and look great for the price. Pros: Lens work Great. Nice and big. Look cool on top of it Cons: Only downside is field of view was not what i thought it would be.I also go the Black Zioner straps which i was hoping for and not the BE NICE strap. I am very happy with this order and will be buying the yellow lens for night or stormy riding.Thanks guys for the awesome product!
Great value. Would definitely recommend.
Was a gift.
Don?? ask
"Bought these for a beginners first ride, they held up well & did not get foggy on them. Oversized to perfection!"
The goggles came with little notches cut out of the foam so they fit over my glasses perfectly. On a day that was warm at the bottom and windy/cold at the top there was no fogging and good vision in flat light. They are very comfortable with a wide adjustable strap.
"Love these, we use them when we're riding our side by side."
Very nice goggles for the price.  Hard to beat when the entire goggles are cheaper than replacement lenses on others.
the person loved it!!
Definitely worth the money. Offers a clear view with darker tint on the edges for a comfortable & fully protected experience.
"There are a few companies who must all get their goggles from the same place. Zionor, Deft Optics, Xevo and im sure many more. What I ended up doing was buying a strap from deft, the lens from Xevo and the fram from Zionor. A completely customizable goggle for under 100."
Excellent goggles used this week cannot tell the difference between these and my expensive pair of goggles that I'll never buy again
"Looks great, feels great and superb price. You will be paying way more for similar at any sporting goods store."
"They came exactly when again said they would arrive, and I used overnight shipping. I am very impressed with these goggles, they look just like they do in the pictures and work very well! The strap mine came with is black and white and it's adjustable so if fits on a helmet or on my head. The only thing is they fogged up near the top occasionally, but after allowing them to vent for a few minutes they were good to go again. I love these goggles!!"
Awesome ??
Great product
These things are awesome!! Comfy never fog and super light weight. Definitely worth every penny
"Pretty awesome, a price worthy ski mask that looks cool at the same time. Highly recommend"
It's comfortable looks amazing
Protective eye gear for going out with COVID19. Also good for having during a midwest snow ball fight.
"I received the goggles, packaging was not the best, the lenses were wrapped seperately, no instructions, no information at all. but after trying the different lenses, I now have 5 pairs of goggles in 1 !!! they do fit over my medium sized prescription glasses. I have not had any fogging issues and I am sure I will be ordering a pair for my son!! I would say I am very happy happy and satisfied."
Better than expected.. sturdy.
I was nervous buying these at first cause I have never heard of Zionor but after a day at Bristol these goggles proved to be absolutely awesome! I got the polarized silver. Worth every penny. Extremely comfortable and fit great. I had no problem at all with fogging or any cold air coming through. Got a few compliments as well. They are more of a daytime goggle but they worked well at night too.
Ciclismo. Alpimismo.
These are so dope
"Not only it's the best, but the most responsible customer care ever. For some reason, (after 350 days after my purchase) I had a foggy experience with it's lens and as this company giving to its buyers 1 full year warranty, they gave me a replacement,BUT HOLD ON; I received a new pair instead of the spare lens.It's so awesome.Highly recommended."
"I *REALLY* dug these goggles on my last ski trip!! They're sooo big they cover almost all my face, but they allowed me a huge viewing radius and were the hit of the ski club I went with!  They never fogged up, despite skiing in clouds, snow, *and* warm sunshine- and they were pretty solid for viewing in all of those conditions, also.  I'm *very* pleased with this purchase and would recommend them to anyone!"
I like them. I wear sunglasses more than anything so Im used to that. Theyre a great buy.
These goggles are just like the high end ones but at a more affordable price.  I love the changeable lenses.
For the price you cant ask for any better. I did not notice any fogging. they actually fogged less than my more expensive spy goggles! you will not regret this purchase 100 percent guarantee! as far as scratching I read in other reviews Oakley's scratch just the same. Treat them like you paid 200 bucks for them and you'll be fine!
good.
Great for skiing.
They were a different color than I ordered (black instead of silver) but overall very good product
"I've used my new goggle for 3 days in North Carolina these holidays and had a great time with them. Lens are great, no blur, overall seem to be made of very good materials. I am happy with this purchase!"
Nice
"These goggles make for fun pictures and kept the sun from burning my retinas! You can wear these at night, but I wouldn't recommend it if you aren't familiar with the trail and not very good at snowboarding (had to learn the hard way). They didn't fog up, weren't painful, and didn't leave any ugly marks around my eyes after constant wear. I'm a huge fan of these!"
EXACTLY what I needed. I wanted mirrored goggles and I got exactly that for such a good price
Over the glasses. Comfortable enough.  Have not had long enough to comment on durability.
"These are excellent goggles for the price... I bought both the mirrored and yellow lenses to cover both sunny and overcast days.  They are comfortable, don't fog up, and have great visibility.  There are no instructions for changing lenses, but I was able to figure it out fairly easy.  I've used these for about 10 ski days so far and am extremely pleased."
These goggles are a great deal for the price. I have had no issues with durability or fogging up
Wore them on the slopes nice glare reduction got comments from opposite sex so all good!
Good price with good quality
These are without a doubt the best bang for your buck. Snow machines on all day and ate snow a few times in powdery areas. Very temporary fogging (this happens with pricey models as well guys when you wipe out) but cleared up very fast. I also suggest getting the yellow lenses to swap out for night riding. Couldn't get anything better than these without spending $120+.
"Love these goggles! Very comfortable, chic, and good quality. Would recommend and buy again"
My grandson was  extremely pleased with this product and loved the blue color
Get fogged if you get snow in them but just like any goggles. Really nice looking but affordable. Not as good for powder days but perfect for sunny!
"great shi goggles, but too big for my 12 year old. They look great on my husband!"
I have to say so far I'm impressed with these goggles. I haven't been on the mountains with them yet but I've kind of tested them to see if they would fog up and I haven't been able to fog them up yet. Also they arrived a day earlier than expected which was very nice. I'll be snowboarding soon so I'll leave more details then.
"They are comfortable, stylish, well made and were delivered in a short period of time."
"I've used these for 3 seasons and they are holding up great. Nice quality, they fit well over my rather large glasses, and they are well ventilated and don't fog. These are a great value!"
"These are fabulous. No fog, comfortable fit. I would highly recommend these goggles."
"Bought these for skiing this winter and could not be any happier with them. There is no need to go out and buy a pair of $140+ mirrored goggles when you can buy these. I got a lot of complements this winter on the slopes wearing these. Also are great for day skiing, they do an amazing job at blocking the sun."
Great fit and value. I now have 3 pairs for different light conditions.
You could spend a lot more!
Fit in my full face helmet just like I was hoping they're great goggles
Very comfortable and light weight.  Good value. No blind spots.
Awesome products I love it the snowboard gogles
"GOOD QUALITY, AND GOOD PROTECTION. THANKS."
Ordered two pairs of these for a ski trip  and I loved them. I never had an issue with fogging in four days of skiing. Is recommend them to anyone.
"Great! Lasted two whole days at Gore Mountain. Great sun protection. Fog free (on the inside). The outside fogged due to breathing, but cleared up no problem. Typical goggle problems. For the price, i think it held up great compared to my buddies' $150 pair of goggles. Replacement lenses seem hard to come by but judging by the yellow lens, they seem cheap and reasonable with great performance. Would recommend."
Great goggles.  Sharp clear lenss.  Lightweight and comfortable.
Works Great and Love that they are interchangeable.
I wanted to make sure I got to use them before I wrote my review. Delivery was fast and I was impressed with the appearance and quality already and after using them in negative temperatures in Alaska I am still very impressed. Visibility was great and the polar lense was perfect to take the glare off the snow.
Loving my new goggles! These are stylish and they work very well. They come with a bag to keep them in. They fit very well. I don't see anything that separates them from $150 pairs of goggles. So if you want to look good and she well while riding down the mountain these are a good choice.
I love these goggles I ware them everyday at work
"I am pretty happy with the goggles. they do fog slightly on a foggy day or when one is sweaty, but i am very happy with them for the price. These actually work just as well, if not better, than my  expensive smith optics goggles and they cost half the price."
"Goggles worked well, didn?? fog, and was a good value for the money."
"PROS:-Nicely constructed, hardy materials-Stylish colors and design-Works well with helmets-Easily adjustable size settings-Impermeable to wind and other harsh conditions-Exquisite comfort/ample interior lining, which rests nicely on the nasal bridgeCONS:-Lens tent is probably too dark/dim for night-skiing or poorly lighted areas"
These are super comfy and look so freaking awesome on! They are super reflective and as long as you store them nicely they don't get too beat up as long as you are careful. Stood up through both ski trips and burning man and still look great!
"Just returned from a trip to Mammoth where I used these goggles on both snowy and very sunny days. I absolutely love them! They fit great, do not fog and are super stylish. I also bought the smaller size for my son and he was very happy with them as well. Good product for the money."
"I bought these for my snowboarding  adventures and I love them. I have use them on sunny days, snow days, and overcast days. I have a smaller face and they fit perfect. My has been more than one day and he ended up ordering a pair"
"Exactly as described, no complaints as they fulfilled their purpose! Great buy!"
Cool and comfortable goggles!
"Worked great on the slopes.  I skied for 5-6 hours and they only fogged up one time.  easy to slip over the helmet, and stayed in place well.  The snow was very bright without the goggles but it was easy to see with them on.  im very pleased with these."
"These goggles are great! I've bought a cheap pair of Bolle goggles for $18, and they were alright but not very stylish. I've also bought $200 Smith goggles, and they were the same quality as these. These look great, feel great (nice foam around the face), and are a reasonable price. Definitely would buy again!"
"For the price I give it 5 stars. Goggles didn't fog up on me hardly at all, the lens color was pretty much right in the middle so good for bright sunny days and good for snowy overcast days.  Plus they look cool.. looks like a pair 2 or 3 times as much."
"I purchased these as a gift for my wife. She says she looks like a bug, but a cute one at that. They are really nice, they fit over her glasses for outdoor sports and winter bike riding. She doesn't wear contacts so it is very helpful so she can see. Great buy!"
Very nice
Ty can't wait to wear it
For the price I was blown away..
"Wore these all season long, and they never fogged up. They're comfortable to wear all day. I like the idea of being able to swap the lenses out to change the look also. They perform better than my old $200+ goggles."
"Got these for my teenage son and he loves them!  They are light, cool looking, and the visibility out of them is great.  The best part is they don't cost $250 like similar Oakley's (which are way way over priced!)."
"It all fit well, liked the look of if"
These are great goggles for the price. No problems with fogging up and they are very comfortable! They also look really cool on too!
Got these and had an issue with my pair and the Zionor customer service was amazing with replacing them!
good price for what you get
I like the comfort of the product.
"Never fogged up, comfortable and durable!"
Fitted well never fogged up even when my glasses did. They fitted over my half frame glasses perfectly. Only skied in sunny weather so they were not too dark. The polarizing is a great feature on sunny days.
"Works very well, great look.""Anti-Fog"" - while it doesn't make it 100% clear 100% of the time, it does well in that area; NOT perfect though, but still works good."
Sleek look. Work well. Highly recommend!
Great buy for the $$
Cool goggles. Held up in massive snow fall
"Haven?? boarded in them yet, but quality appears to be good.  Service from seller was great - prompt, no issues, etc."
"Super bad ass! Bought for my brother who is a chronic snowboarder. They don't fog up and they really help with the son, he bought an extra pair for his gf!"
LOVE these! great for the sun. I would stay away from the mirror lens if you are riding in darker weather. For sun its amazing and I never had problems with it.
"Thsee blue goggles are a little more purple than blue, so if you don't mind the mix of the two colors than you'll love this product. If you just want pure blue, I wouldn't buy this color."
"Very nice... Fits well,  well ventilated, had to wipe snow from the lens a few times and the lens is still crystal clear, not a smug on it.  The strap is very well made.... I don't think it will go slack any time soon."
Wore these on a bright day at Breckenridge and a snowy windy day and they worked great!  Got lots of compliments on the cool style as well.
My son loves these.
"We bought the googles for snowmobiling. They we perfect. They didn?? fog up, and the clarity was as described."
Looks good for the price
"Awesome goggles, they look sick. I haven't gotten a chance to try them outside but I have no doubt that they will work. For $50 you can't beat it, I was gonna buy a pair of Oakley's for $200, but this is just as good."
very confy
Great fit.
Looks great and feels great
Perfect for a sunny day!
Love these. Fit great
I ordered these goggles because I didn't want people to see my eyes when I snowboard. They have a mirror effect and are comfortable to wear all day. They also do not fog! Great product!
LOVE these!  They look very cool and they work great.  Never had any issues with the lens fogging up. A must buy for your next trip on the slopes! I have a small face too and they fit perfectly.
Love it a lot
they are very usesful on the mountain and no one has the same goggles. They do everything that they say they do. I'm going to snowboard camp up on Mt. Hood Oregon and I think they will help a lot.
very clear
Didn?? fog! Crisp view!
Translate review to English
Will get again
Nice
worth it!
"Bought this goggle for the younger boy cause he likes green, turns out he likes it."
My son was thrilled with these cool looking eyewear. Full coverage too.
fit great!!!!!
Very cool glasses! I love the color and style. One thing that does bother me a little is that it gets foggy inside after a while. But I guess most glasses do the the same. Overall I'd recommend it.
"Used every day, no fog / great eye and face protection in sub-zero wind chills. Planning to get another pair soon."
Na
"Great fit, didn?? fog up and didn?? get sunburn, received complements on these goggles."
"Shipped fast , great color and quality, we tried them out at the slopes this last weekend and they were awesome!"
For the price you won?? get better quality. Looks great and surprisingly better than some of the big name brands.
"I ordered the polarized blue goggles.I used them in Lake Tahoe.  They look dope!Real polarized lens, worked as well as my rayban glassesThey never fogged up"
""
Worked amazing
N/a
Awesome!!!
"for 50$, I'm appalled on how high quality these are. super cool, and they have their own cute little sleeve to protect from scratches inside your bag!"
"Overall goggles were comfortable and met expectations, but the outer coating scratches easily. Will likely only get a couple of seasons use before I have to replace lens."
"Work great. Easy to swap lenses. Very clear and never had a problem with fog, even after placing on my forehead. Strongly recommend! Best bang for the buck!"
Worked well. Didn?? fog up. Would like some extra lenses included to go between low light and sun
"Worth every cent, no problems in sun or flat lite"
Product came in faster than expected.  Goggles are very comfortable.
"Exaclty what I expected, great fit and gives you better peripheral vision than the older models."
"Love these goggles,  did not once get foggy"
Super cute and affordable. My daughters ski almost every weekend and they love them. Bought several diff lenses.
"I love these goggles! Great visibility, and I love that other people can see their reflection in them. A bit bulky but worked well with my helmet since it has a lip. Definitely recommend!"
Surprised by the good quality vs the price. Used since 3 days on the slope
"Bought these for my son, he loves them and appreciates the choices of lens that can be used  for the different degrees of sunshine."
i searched a lot and i like what i picked!
So far I am liking the goggles. Nice fit.
"Although these goggles aren't the highest quality goggles I have worn, I do love the style and the design concept. They have great padding, but a flimsy frame. And the lens is truly polarized."
"Nice fit over my head with glass. My glass can be well-fixed inside, without excessive movement. Comfortable overall."
Works as intended. I like the look. Comfortable. Fit over my glasses.
I bought these goggles for my boyfriend to snowboard with. They are super reflective and comfortable. He loves them though they are easy to scratch but that's to be expected.
"These are dope. I get a handful of compliments every time I wear them. Their very large, worked in all weather types. Didn't fog. Any say enough about them"
Excellent set of goggles. Got to try them on a clear sunny day and a cloudy day with blowing snow. They were flawless in all conditions with no fogging and excellent visibility.
Love the google. They are very confortable and do not get foggy. Super. Love them
"I look like a super dork in these, and that's exactly what I was going for."
"Perfect fit and quick delivery. Didn't have any fog issue. Next time I will get the polarized lens, so I can see all the little mounds in the snow for skiing."
My son loves these. It's been a great choice for a great price deal.
Great fit and quality with travel bag
was a gift and it was very well received
They look amazing and I've had no issues.  (UPDATE)  These are great quality and I highly recommend great for riding!!!
Good
Had an issue with a defective pair. Customer service was fast and very helpful! New goggles work great! Would definitely recommend these goggles.
"Great Goggles, Just spend 8 days skiing every day in good and bad weather with no issues. I think this goggles are as good as $150 ones. BTW, they look cool."
Good value and this lens works great for sunny days.  Goggles fit well with my Smith helmet as well.
perfect they look expensive too
"Livi loves these goggles I bought for her. ""The goggles are amazing."""
Great goggles for an awesome price if you're looking for mirrored lenses. They're pretty big so you can see very well in them.
Bought for my so . He likes them.
"Worked well, fit comfortably and price was right too. I was able to squeeze my glasses under it on days when I didn't out contacts on."
"Look great, feel great, great price."
Great goggles for any day. Light enough to be used on cloudy days but had no complaints in full sun either. No fog. And they look great!
These function very well.No complaints after 35 days in the Colorado Rocky Mountains.My friends seem to like them.  I like them too.
"look wonderful, great quality! 100% recommended"
Best goggles I've ever had!!!
My son received these as a Christmas gift from me.  He chose the polarized ones and LOVED them
really nice goggles. ive used them on the mountain about 10 times now
My daughter loves these goggles. They field of vision area is great. They have not fogged up on her at all and she is very happy with them.
Durable and comfortable
"Worked amazing for the money, a little flimsy but I love them, just hade to add a little anti fog after a day or 2"
"Awesome pair of goggles doesn't hurt my head, nose etc. Have worn them with a helmet and still no issues, highly recommended and fairly priced."
My cousins at the back all wore goggles that's $150-200. Mine is $60 and it looks just as good :D!
"Love these goggles! We're great in shade and sun, no fogging up and got a ton of compliments on how great they looked!!"
"Awesome goggles, they look exactly like the advertised pictures and they have been sturdy and useful in all lighting conditions I've been in."
Great!  They do really well in foggy conditions.  I wish I'd bought the extra lens at the time I purchased the goggles.
Translate review to English
I love the color and I felt great when I wear it in the snow
"These goggles were of the most impressive, it quality was very nice and it was very comfortable. The only things they could've done better was make the goggle strap look nicer."
These goggles are awesome!! They look very similar to this picture. The anit-fog works great!!! =) They also adjust well and fit great
Great goggles! My son loves them and he let me try them.  I will be buying a set for myself.  Thanks.
"Bought this for my husband. He loves it! Great quality.  Fits him perfectly.  He is 6'3""."
"I love these goggles, look fantastic and work great. I wrote them in cloudy days with the orange lense and had no vision problems what so ever. Worth the money."
Great quality and design!
very good looking goggle. I cant wait for the ski season!!
Great goggle. Took it snowboard. Performed flawlessly. No foggings. Fits over my prescription glasses with ease. No obstructing views at all.
Absolutely love these!
Go hit the freshie pow pow with these!
"Loved these goggles, great and love the style."
great product.  worked well in all temps.
These are absolutely great goggles! Fit great. Fit over my glasses. Easy to change lense. No fogging.Light. Can't beat that price!
love it
Great goggles
Loved these especially for the price.  Fits very comfortably on your face.
"Love these!  They look fabulous. They fit perfectly and they were a great deal. The anti-glare, and anti-fog is awesome."
Good color.
Looks super cool! Don't like the obnoxious lettering on the straps however.
Great product for a great price
Performed as expected at -10 degree Celsius.
good product
Son loved these and gets lots of compliments while on the slopes
Wore these on a two day ski trip. No problems at all with fogging. I loved the clear view!
"it's sensitive to scratches and you need to be extra careful with these goggles, but I love them"
"wore these all last season and they were great, can't wait to get back out in the powder with these."
Works great. Great value as well
"Awesome comfortable, no fog goggles.  Only complaint is that the lens scratched fairly easily."
"Just took these to Squaw Valley. Frkn awesome. Worked great, never fogged up or anything. Comfortable too"
My husband loves this ! I got this sameday delivery with prime . I am so glad !
My husband liked it!
Grandson loves them! He has worn them this winter season and thinks they are the best.
Item was as described.  Shipping was quick.  They were a gift and the recipient loved them.
"My 14 year old son says these are the best, uses them snowboarding all the time"
"excellent goggles, cant wait until winterrrrrr in 2 months!"
Very good product!!
Nice Google lens.
Love theses.  No fog and quality lenses.  Pop out easily with magnet to swap lenses
These are unbeatable for the price. The lens is very fog resistant and they are super comfortable.
This helps me to enjoy the season!
Got 3 pairs of these goggles. For the price amazing quality!
"Just went skiing with them and they were amazing, even if my skills were not"
Love them!
"Won't fit over prescription glasses, thought they were larger."
They are really clear and they rarely ever fog up. Overall I am satisfied with them.
These arrived quickly and are awesome. Great Christmas gift !
"Nice goggles, they do not fog up, and they are very good for shielding your eyes from ultraviolet rays."
Wife loves them!
"Great fit, really good fog prevention, removable lense...and a good price to boot. (thumbs up)"
Great for visibility and they are very comfortable.
So happy with my Zionor ski goggles.  Fantastic quality at a great price.
"Excellent, just what I expected and wanted. Very satisfied."
Loved it!
Amazing goggles
Stellar goggles!
Love the look.  Comfortable fit.  I rock em in the sun.
"Great Value, all googles essentially do the same things"
Great goggles. Worth way more than they cost! Didn't fog up one after ten hours on the mountain!??
"great product, rarely fog!! definitely worth it"
so far so good! they dont fog
"Best goggles for the price! Didnt fog up once, great visibility, and very comfy."
"Just returned from Breck. 13 degrees for the high. No fogging, fit great. Awesome."
Fog free in any weather. no need to waste hundreds for nice goggles
Love it
"What a great pair of goggles, fantastically functional at a great price"
"Love these, worked great when snowboarding."
"comfortable, aesthetic, efficient, reasonable pricerecommend this product"
my bf likes it
Son loves his.
So happy with mine look just like the pic and shipped fast
PERCECT!! FINALLY NO FOGGED GOGGLES
Excellent  goggles look great
Good quality for the price
They were great with a good field of view
love it. But still did not use. hope I`ll be satisfied.
Excellent product for the price.
Work great.
Looks very cool and all my friends love it!
Exactly as described.
Does the job to protect my eyes while skiing
Great quality for the price
Cost performance is good!
Great !
Great fit. Beautiful blue color lens. No problems.
sweet
I love these goggles. They work and look great.
Does exactly what I want. Minimal fogging.
Awesome goggles!! They look great on the mountain
Worked great in all conditions
Nice product.I recommend it
my son really likes his goggles
Got these for my husband and he loved them!!
Love them!
Comfortable and can be worn over glasses
Love them!
"Sick goggles. Only wish the ""be nice"" band was shown in pics"
Great
Thank you
very nice product. love the mirror lens
"real nice, look and work great good buy."
Amazing for my Ski Trip
Great product all around
Good price for quality products.
No complaints at all.
Excellent in bright snowy slopes
really great but too large
Good
10/10 good perfect fit fancy
awesome for the price
They  work very well.
it looks and feels great
Pretty big on your face.
Very useful when snowboarding.
Great product... Used goggles for skiing in Utah...
Good goggles
Looks great and works great.
Amazing. Very admired.by.friends.and acquaintances
Item arrived on time and great quality! Love them!
Nice pair of goggles
My son loves his goggles!
These are great!
Excellent we're ordering them again!!
Excellent ski goggles
Love 'em!
Good product. Great price!
Fantastic value
Son loved
Great business A++++++
Perfect and comfortable.
great
Percent
Awesome googles!
Loved these!
Fabulous goggles.....just what he wanted!!!
Great glasses
Love them!
Good
Great lens!
Tubular goggles man
Great goggles - great price!
Good product no issues
Looks and Fits great!
Good product
"Easy to use, don?? scratch or fog. Numerous style options."
Very comfortable. Fits over my glasses really well. Great for the price.
Great cost effective glasses
"I have high light, mid light and low light lenses for these and all work well.  For the price these goggles work well.  I use these in UT.  These goggles let more wind in through the vent mesh than my last pair of SPY goggles, it is their only drawback."
"Goggles worked great.  No fogging, crystal clear and reduced all of the glare while snowboarding.  I would recommend these.  They were comfortable when wearing them for 6 hr a day for 2 days."
"These goggles are prime. I got them on the cyber Monday sale and they were a steal. I absolutely love them for snowboarding. They don't fog unless you breath straight into them. Its a super wide view and the lens that came with it were very neutral so I don't change it for different snow conditions. The band is tight and to adjust them is a little tedious because you have to adjust two different tabs, however this definitely keeps it from loosening so I don't mind it. The strap also has the Logo on the inside as rubber to provide grip to stay on which is really nice since I wear a helmet so they don't slide off.I highly recommend them as an intermediate Snowboarder myself and I don't see myself need any other goggles any time soon."
"This was by far the best pair of goggles I have used in my life. Not only do they look amazing but the huge lens allowed a much larger viewing radius then the previous goggles I used, oh and those huge lenses are magnetic and can be changed between multiple lenses in seconds. Everyone who I showed this too asked, ""Would they fall off if you crashed?"" I tried multiple things (Including taking a few tumbles) and the lens would not come off on the slope. In addition to this, the lens would not fog, i even tried. The farthest I could get them to fog was about the bottom cm, not once could I get them to fog up. Not only is this the pair of goggles with the biggest viewing radius ive used, but they are also the clearest, best looking and nicest goggles ive used. Contact me at tkonrath06@gmail.com for questions about them."
"Excellent googles!!  Very comfortable, do not fog up and the lens quality is first rate. Don?? waste tons of money on some Oakley?? or Smith??. These are the only way to go!"
"These goggles are amazing.  We live in Utah where the weather really changes throughout the day.  It will go from dark as night to blazing sun, haze, and then start snowing, all before noon.  These goggles are great in any and all conditions. They don't fog up, they are comfortable on your face, and make snowboarding so much more enjoyable.  (Plus the looks and compliments people give you are great too.) I also love that you can switch out the lens. My husband and I will trade lenses from time to time, and we have a few spares we like to mix it up with also. These really are attention grabbing goggles. Buy them!  You won't regret it."
These are sweet!!! Definitely wide and I feel it gives more vision than other goggles. The amount of light let in is perfect and I would go with these goggles.
"Great product, very happy with it. Just one grouse that it does not come in a box to protect the glasses :-/"
I absolutely loved these goggles. The color looks exactly like the photo and they work amazingly. They are worth the price and definitely better than high priced ones or name brand ones. On the slopes (Colorado) I see a lot of people wearing them so that confirms my review that they are a good brand to go with. They also come with a carrying bag which is helpful when traveling. Mine only seemed to fog up when I would pull them onto my helmet but it was an easy fix.
Love them
"These goggles are great...especially for the price! My glasses were to big to wear under them, but I they are very clear and I had no problems seeing. They never fogged up on me!"
"The Zionor snow goggles are fantastic! They feel super comfortable to the face and the visuals are clear. The elastic band is also super comfortable and easy to adjust. Only tiny set back is the fog it develops inside the goggles, but I'm sure I can add a layer of anti-fog ointment to the inside and they'll be fine. Great buy if you're looking for snowboard goggles. Worth the price."
These are amazing and ordered pair for my boyfriend.  He loves them!
"Even prettier than in the photo. It's very comfortable! I loved it. At first, I thought it would be too big for my face, but it fits perfectly."
For the price great! I could wear my glasses with these.
I have only used these one day on the mountain. They have exceeded my expectations thusfar. I paired them with EK Cat Crap and I could breathe right into them with no fog. The lenses appear very clear and scratch resistant. I like how quickly I can switch them out if needed.
"Great, especially for the price."
Comfortable and great visibility!
Loved the googles. It fit well and looked great. The lens was perfect and I could see well. I think the price/value was way better than the $300 googles that come from the name brand googles.
Like thees googles
"Fits over my medium sized wide frame glasses, bought for winter walking to work. and also for bike riding in colder weather."
"Quality is excellent, they are extremely comfortable, and look awesome. Couldn't be happier with them."
"This is awesome fits over my glasses perfectly even looks good with my motorcycle helmet, I will be in the market with a more night visible lens."
Much needed
"My son I love these goggles, they work great."
"I have an electric pedal assist ebike and now that the temps are getting low I needed goggles to protect my eyes from the damaging effects of cold air. These work great. They don't fog up. I also like they're actually affordable and that they're clear. I prefer the clear ones because I can see everything as I normally would if I didn't have them on. The probably with darker visors, even ones that aren't terribly dark, is that they always make it harder to see certain things.I also like wearing clear goggles because I feel like drivers are more like to be empathetic because they can actually see your eyes and there's just that connection. Whereas goggles where they can't see your eyes can hinder that connection. Drivers are just more likely to be nice if there's some kind of connection, which makes sense. The goggles that aren't clear also come off more of a ""Chad-like"" personality when you're a cyclist. It just gives off the wrong impression."
"Work great, but not that fog resistant. Needed a good gig resistant coating then they were solid and super comfy. Nice n plush. Would recommend."
Great ski goggles at a great price. Perfect amount of blue tint for a sunny day and super stylish for the slopes!
"Bought an ""antifog"" set of airsoft goggles, and they ended up fogging up. Bought these, and after running outside for 2 or so hours wearing these goggles in 88?F in direct sunlight with me sweating, they only slightly fogged up, but not enough to complain about. This is a great deal for the price listed."
Used it during the recent snow boarding trip and it work out well. Goggles fits well and comfortable.
It looks good and very comfortable. Good price for it.
"Looks good, fits well"
Worked great! I wore them with a helmet. Looks good and functions great.
Great for the price!  They didn?? fog and fit well for skiing.
Fit over my glasses perfectly. I have the larger style lenses and frames and it provided perfect coverage and clarity. Would recommend
"Work well, great value"
Very nice!  Stylish!
Great product! It looks good and works real well! Prompt delivery. No problems!
"Freaking awesome goggles, love them!"
love the way they fit.
"I just love it, thanks."
Fit well (comfortable) and visibility was great. No distortion.
My son loves these goggles. Good quality for the price.
Good for price paid
I absolutely loved these.
"These are great for sledding, and even just shoveling snow in brutal co dictionary. The snow and light don't blind my eyes."
Translate review to English
"I've used them two times now and I've been very happy. They fit well, keep the cold out, and have great vision. They also seem very sturdy"
Me and my brother bought the same goggles and absolutely loved them this product is a 10/10 the orange lens helped me see the detail in the snow while riding better than the naked eye. I literally had no issues whatsoever for the money you cannot beat this I would definitely recommend to a friend or family member ????
"Fit great, wear while snow blowing. No snow in my face now! Recommend."
Translate review to English
These are great goggles for a low price I got same-day delivery because I planned a last-minute snowboarding trip and it came in clutch!
Great visibilityHad 0 fogging & I used them for 5+ hours a dayThey have rubber grips inside the bandHavnt changed the lends out yet but I?? excited too.I got a lot of compliments on the mountain!
"These goggles worked perfectly for me today. We took a 2 hr snowmobile tour in Heeney, Co and after the full 2 hrs and never once taking off the goggles, I only had the slightest spot of fogging which went away after a few seconds. I usually sweat a lot and was worried about fogging, but I was pleased with my experience. The weather was a clear, sunny day so I can?? account for experience with snowy or rainy weather. The only precipitation that got on my goggles was snow blowing off the mountains but it mostly flew off or dried off with the sun. I wore prescription sunglasses underneath with no issues. My normal glasses were a little wider frame which fit but put a little more pressure on the frame itself so I chose the smaller frame sunglasses to avoid possibly breaking my glasses although I?? sure they would have been fine. For the price point, I couldn?? have asked for a better product."
Love
Very stylish
Wife and I use for winter hikes.  Boys use for snowboarding.  Good to go.
Excellent product and great quality
"No complain, worked great in my last snowboard trip."
"Comfortable,  thick straps. Nicely tinted. And affordable!"
Now i can see much better when foggy days.
"I used these for 2 days of snowboarding. I like the way they look and wide field of view they offer. They only got a bit of fog a couple of times when my breath got inside them, and even then they defogged really fast. I switched out the lens after the sun went down on the first day and the switching process was really awkward and I was afraid I was going to break them, but I was so glad I could because the yellow lens worked great at night! I had never heard of the Zionor brand so I was a bit worried, but half the people on the mountain were wearing Zionor goggles, including my friend that I went with, and after using them, I can understand why, they were so comfortable, and worked so well. I only wish I had bought the kind that has magnetic lens attachment like my friend?? pair. His magnetic lens swap is really quick and easy."
??
Fits perfectly over my glasses.
The goggles didn't fog and were nice and clear. I have no issues at all.
"Amzing price for what you get, highly recommend, only bad thing i can say is the lens is not magnetic its a pop in and out system but thats not a big issue!!"
"I really enjoy these goggles. They adjust well and fit snuggly which was great for me since I have a bit of a small head. The goggles look just as advertised and I love the number of options they offer. So far I haven't had any problems with the goggles fogging up with and without face gear like a balaclava. By far the best thing about these goggles is their compatibility with glasses. These goggles were made to slip right over your glasses and I love that about them. Since I don't wear contacts, this has been great for me as most goggles don't take glasses into consideration and thus are always uncomfortable to wear over them. If you didn't wear contacts then you just had to deal with it or take off your glasses and lose your vision. So to have a pair of goggles that adds a space on the side of them to fit over your glasses is simple but very much appreciated. Sunglasses of course apply to this as well. Overall these are a great set of goggles that I feel confident in recommending."
"I like that the Zionor snow goggles arrived on the scheduled arrival date. These goggles fit snugly and well on my face. When the package arrived, the boxing and cover was designed perfectly. I look forward to using these goggles safely and properly in my next snow sliding trip !"
nice
"I wear contacts when i ski so I need really good goggles to keep the wind off my eyes.  Great clarity, great vision, no fogging, and no wind on my eyes. Absolutely recommend, great value.  There are different amounts of light (Visual Light Transmission, VLT) the different lenses have, i got 22% and worked great for a sunny day."
Fit my relatively large glasses and neither my glasses or goggles ever fogged up!
"These are pretty good low cost goggles.  I bought them to use as part of a costume, so I can't tell you what they're like to ski with."
This present for my Grandson arrived on-time and good condition.
Great looking goggles and vision is good when skiing or snowboarding.
"Definitely one of the more affordable options. I saw a LOT of people on the mountain who had the same brand of goggles so I guess that?? a good sign. They help up well. I wore glasses but it was a bit of a tight fit. That said it still worked, was comfortable, and visibility was great."
Product is great. We used them when we went skiing.  We enjoy them.
Great value.
"They certainly work well for my job. Would have liked for the tint visor to be a little darker to help with weld arcs in the corner of my eyes, but I know that wasn?? the intent of this product so I will not be taking off for that."
Becareful all lense easy to scratch. I scratched mine before sporting them
"These are by far the best goggles I have owned at any price. Didn't fog up, and had a great lense. I had my GoPro on my helmet so for one run by buddy and I traded. He commented how much he liked the goggles as well. Great purchase."
I had never been skiing before and needed some affordable goggles. These surpassed my expectations and were insane quality for the price. I used them all day in Deer Valley Utah (with many first time skier falls) and they look brand new. I will be using them again a lot in the future!
Very happy with these googles ... I could have easily spent 5 times as much but what for.  I've used these three times already and have been very happy.
they work great for the day when the sun is out
"Took it to Solitude Ski Resort this winter. Look very cool and perfect for a bright sunny day.  But a bit too dark when it is cloudy or while it is snowing, which is what it is designed to do.  This, make sure you have a different giggle that can be used when there is less brightness."
I got the clear ones and I can see so much better in these. Recommend!
Great goggles. Bright and colorful. Nice anti-fog.
"I really liked the fact that these goggles are truly OTG. My glasses just fit, very snugly inside the goggles.The goggles did not fog, or freeze and gave excellent visibility. I like the yellow lens, it gives high clarity on both sunny and dimly lit days."
""
"I bought this a couple of months ago and I finally had a chanced to test it last week skiing. I am very impressed with this item. Not only it look amazing, it was very comfortable to wear. I did NOT fogged up at all. Everyone noticed how well it looked. The only slight issue i have with this goggle is that it is not scratch proof. It is very easy to scratch the lens if you are not super careful. I definitely recommend this item for its quality, functional and price."
""
""
Brilliant goggles for a really good price - I took them skiing and they didn't fog up once! Also they're very comfortable and look great.
""
""
"Speedy delivery, gorgeous goggles!"
"Really nice, good quality"
""
